Customer: How do I disable notifications indicated by the bell icon in upper left corner of iOS Kindle app? Agent: we would like to help in realtime! When you have a free moment, please reach out to us here
Customer: Yes all files, Mac, El Capitan Agent: we are looping in an eert who can help you out here. They will reply as soon as they are available. Raj
Customer: My guaranteed delivery date was Monday. Agent: My apologies. What is the latest update on the tracking?
Customer: I have moved recently from Delhi to Mumbai, India permanently. However, I keep getting SMS/email about offers in Delhi. How can I change that to Mumbai? Agent: we will be happy to take a closer look. Send us a note via so our team can connect.
Customer: Premium amp when i️ have it on shuffle it turns off when the song is done and just plays in order and the repeat lights up but doesn’t repeat Agent: Hmm. Can you try restarting your device by holding the Sleep/Wake Volume Down buttons for 10 seconds? Keep us posted /
Customer: THIS IS THE SECOND TIME I BEEN GIVING THE RUN AROUND BY ONE OF you all EMPLOYEES IF THEIR NOT TRAINED...WHY ARE THEY WORKING? Agent: We want to improve your eerience. Please message more details, so we can assist.
Customer: still no reliable Bluetooth on my iPhone 8. Agent: Thanks for reaching out. message which Bluetooth device you are trying to connect to so we can help.
Customer: I am not able to use this number from Canada. It takes me to some sweep stakes number. Any alternative?? Agent: I am sorry Varathan, here is another for the Baggage Team International. <number>
Customer: WTF, apparently wants to raise my bill 50/mo more just so I can continue using cloud backup services for my family’s computers. Agent: let us take a look at this for you. Could you message us your full address and the primary name on the account. Xavier
Customer: Hey why am I being charged for a ride that never picked me up? Agent: Hi, there. we are sorry to hear about this. Can you message us the phone number associated to your account?
Customer: Absolutely, Agent: posted by Likhitha V on this link Let us know if it helps.
Customer: Dear you are amazing! Your Halloween amp3 deal is exactly what we needed! Thank you! Agent: we are here to help you out, my friend. Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: hey, does the PlayStation slim supports 5Ghz? Agent: Hi there! Please check the information in this link
Customer: hi, who do i email regarding my horizon platinum theme? it has been quite a while since i platinumed the game but i have not received any email yet Agent: Hi there, Glad to assist! please check the following article to receive further assistance and information
Customer: greed comes to mind every time I fly with you. I am considering switching to even if it means longer flights as they rock! Agent: We try to upgrade as much as possible and will continue to do that. Our apologies that you have not got upgraded as much as youd like, Wael.
Customer: I made a same day ship mid Monday and it said it would deliver that day. It didn’t. Today it still says out for delivery, still no show. Agent: I am so sorry for the late delivery, Kimmie! Our carriers can deliver until 8 PM, please keep us updated on its arrival.
Customer: NVM. It just got delivered however waiting 2 hours for a pizza.... Agent: Feel free to still message us. Thanks!
Customer: Your driver was thee most unprofessional driver I have ever had. message me for details. Agent: We can definitely take a look! Send us a message with your email address and details so we can follow up.
Customer: My account is telling me to reset my password but i dont know my date of birth but i know my password for the account. help Agent: Glad to help! We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: I know. Had to book my friend to a different airline because your counter in Korea is outside immigration Here EKGZYM Agent: Hi Jo, You may however request for an airport tax refund via and the team will assist to process.Emir
Customer: Hi I am having an issue with AAdvantage credit not posting for a flight I took last month. Agent: Please send your mileage plan a copy of your confirmation letter and at least one boarding pass to email Andre
Customer: it is been 7 days amp my order still has not shipped. fail Agent: I am sorry that your package has not shipped! Did we miss the promised Delivery date found here
Customer: I was on the phone for an hour kids fire tablet not working , warranty is a lie and your agents are rude. Agent: I am sorry for this poor eerience. we would like to look into this. Please pass your details to us here
Customer: When you have an appointment with amp and no one shows or calls notcool Agent: I apologize for the poor eerience you have had with us. If there is anything that I can help you with, please message me. Lexie
Customer: are there any plans to add a fast crop mode for the iPad version of LR? It takes too many taps and slows down workflow. Agent: Hi there, you may suggest it as a feature request at . Tanuj
Customer: Gotta luv finally get 2 call cntr, they tried to charge me £176 for a ticket which can b purchased for £88 online Agent: When amending a ticket the system would show a fare that matches your previous purchase, but this may be higher
Customer: It was a happy Halloween until I encountered the RUDEST Chipotle manager in America... Murray, UT location. Agent: that is concerning – my apologies. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: I am yet to receive my refunds Agent: Kindly be patient. .
Customer: Boorito time!! Thanks Agent: Yeah, buddy! Thanks for stopping by. Becky
Customer: Hey ! I have this great new idea to rebrand uberpool. Just call it “Uber 5X” Same great trips now with five times the hassle Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: Am so tired glo. Any tim I dial Dat code it is same reply, You do not have access to ds service bt m on jumbo, too annoying d 50mb dnt tk 4mins Agent: Perhaps you can restart your phone and redial. We still see your bonus from here.
Customer: outage of Fox during the world series in Northern Wisconsin? Only channel not working. badtiming Agent: I apologize for the issues with the channel. Please message us your account number or phone number so we can assist you.
Customer: Aaaaaaaand WiFi is down again... Stupid Agent: Hey there, I would like to further assist you with your wifi issues. Can you please message your address and telephone number?
Customer: <number> Agent: We are following up on you issue we will revert once it has been resolved.
Customer: Whenever i go to play my game it says im on my old psn account which i deleted of my system. Ive used that account like once before Agent: Thanks for the info. Make sure your PSN account has its own local user
Customer: Thanks for the update! I will check again in an hour or so. FridayismyDiamondqualifyingFlight Agent: You are welcome.
Customer: is the worst ISP I’ve ever had Agent: What did we do to make you feel this way and how can we fix things between us?
Customer: Hey why does your authentic queso taste like actual powder? HoustonStrong Agent: That should not be happening. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: When You wait 10 mins in cold for amp driver goes to the wrong address, cancels amp ur next request goes up 15 bc if rush hr, You get Agent: We are sorry to hear about this eerience. Please message us your phone number so we can look into this!
Customer: I installed the iOS 10.0 , 10.0.1 and 10.0.2 and makes my iPhone 6 very slow and doesn’t work properly can you help me? Agent: We can help! We assume you mean iOS 11, right? Can you tell us what types of performance issues you are eeriencing?
Customer: 4 calls a promise from Libby in promotions amp no call back so I can prepay 4 a room. I’m trying to give you ! Hilton Agent: Our apologies. Please follow and message with full name, location on reservation and your email address. Thank you.
Customer: I need an actual human to help me Agent: Understood. For further help with your Apple ID, connect with one of our Apple ID Advisors here
Customer: yo why is there a chicken bone in my burrito bowl Agent: that is concerning. Please let our team know at the link Jen
Customer: NYC internet outage in Corona Queens. <number> Agent: Thank you for reaching out. If youd like to message your account information, I can take a look further into this.
Customer: Free InVision Studio Could Kill Adobe , Sketch, and Framer webdev Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: Anyone else see an odd looking website? It looks very different. Not wrkng as easily and lots of red text Agent: I am sorry about that! I would recommend logging out and clearing cache and cookies. Let us know if that works!
Customer: tried to check in online flying to Heathrow from Manchester onto JFK But unable Informed to get boarding pass with carrier Agent: ...airport. we are sorry for any inconvenience this may cause. Lolly
Customer: I did not receive anything. Have dropped a DM. Thanks Agent: Hi Jin Yen, we has resend the message , kindly check , see you there! Anwar
Customer: I cannot even find it on my phone What The F... hulu why do not your apps work the same. Agent: We have not updated all devices to the new eerience, so there are differences. Maybe this will help
Customer: I tried calling my driver multiple times to find him and he didn’t answer and I was just charged a cancelation fee... Agent: Hi there! Please message us with your phone number so we can further assist you.
Customer: I’m going to need you guys to fix my iMessage and FaceTime..it’s not activating...spent an hour on the phone with support Agent: Thank you for reaching out. We are here to help. Please message us, and we will continue from there.
Customer: Just updated iOS on iPhone7, now iCloud backup greyed out, cannot be turned on, says “Last Backup Never” Agent: Check out this link Send us a message if it does not help.
Customer: Idea no. <number> Alternate no. <number> Agent: Sorry for the trouble caused.We request You to visit maharashtra circle idea store to link ur idea number with aadhaar card.
Customer: Every time I try signing in to PSN I get this. What should I do? I am connected to the internet via LAN cable and it works Agent: Glad to help. Please follow the steps in the next link and try again Let us know the outcome!
Customer: This is on my Windows 8 . Agent: The .nbi files are part of the backup amp are needed for data restores. You can delete the current backup plan amp data,
Customer: LOLLLLL our uber just got pulled ov by tu police and £100 fine Agent: We take this very seriously. Please send us a message with your email address and additional details so we can connect ASAP.
Customer: How come I can’t stream ESPN on my iphone? It’s an MLS game, not . Agent: That should not be! If you restart our app, then go to Browsegt Networks gtESPN, any change?
Customer: Walked out of mid burrito bowl bc they don’t change their gloves! Can’t make a veggie bowl properly pisspoorperformance Agent: That does not sound good. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: Instead of a treat for my 3 for me a trick of a case of food poisoning was served. Diarrhea ensued. Not a happy Halloween! Agent: that is very concerning. Please tell us more so we can investigate Becky
Customer: I️ just updated it and it’s still coming up Agent: let us dig into this further with you. message us and we will continue there.
Customer: Shoutout to for doing the 3 deal. Agent: Shout out to you for stopping by! Becky
Customer: it is 90days by ur calculatn ampver 4mnths by mine.Ure unjustifiably amp fraudulently holding my money thereby holding me2ransom Agent: You can send us a message by clicking the link below. cr
Customer: My car drives itself to these days Agent: I know the feeling. Jen
Customer: yes ive done that multiple times. its happened on previous versions as well. Agent: Thanks for confirming. we are looping in an eert who can help you out here. They will reply as soon as they are available. Madison
Customer: I keep getting a CE error trying to load my myplayer. Error code is CE348780 Agent: Glad to assist! Please check the steps for error code CE348780 Let us know the results!
Customer: help me!!!!! As Soon As Possible Pleaseeee Agent: Hi, please send us a message and we will look into this with you.
Customer: sent you guys a message never got a reply.. Agent: Hey! Sorry about the wait, the queues a bit backed up. I just sent you a DM, please check your inbox.
Customer: How do I setup automatic declines? Its not listed in your help centre and I’m struggling to find the settings Agent: On a desktop go to item page view item gt Manage Offers gt Change offer settings. You can get that going here.
Customer: line is ridiculous Laughing Out Loud but I’m always here on Halloween Laughing Out Loud Agent: I am confident it will be worth the wait. Becky
Customer: what is this Agent: that is offputting. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: When offers 3 burritos if you dress up, but you do not have a costume Agent: that is my kind of costume right there. Becky
Customer: youtube, twitch are the main sites i have trouble with. wpuld you like me to post results of the tracerts from these two websites? Agent: Yes, Please post so we can review the results.
Customer: 11.0 Agent: We released iOS 11.1 today. let us update to see if that helps. Heres how
Customer: ทำไมจองตั๋วในแอพแล้วไม่ขึ้นตรงบุ๊คกิ้งของเราคะ? Agent: Hi there, is it okay we assist you in English? ThanksSha
Customer: I appreciate the response, spoke with someone on the phone to fix it. Apparently my modem was unsure what speed i should have so i got .66 Agent: Ok, I am glad you were able to come to a resolution. If you need further assistance please let us know.
Customer: Could you stop stopping introducing extra features one after another? Noticing as soon as 99 of users do not want it. Agent: Please pen the thoughts here at . Thanks Raj
Customer: is so busy today..... I am just trying to get my Chipotle, go home and be alone Agent: Boorito is pretty crazy around here. we will get to you soon! Jen
Customer: really wish I could get any help regarding my service. Supposed to be good to go yet still have no internet. PLEASE HELP!!! Agent: Hello Bryan, I would be happy to take a look. Please send me a DM. Katie
Customer: hi I received a home catalogue with an extra voucher in to use. I cannot find it. Are you able to help with the codes? Agent: Hi, I am not familiar with this catalogue what was the title of it please? Laurence.
Customer: why charge higher than the rate range when I order? Ordered uberblack in Geneva for a 5min ride. Range was Ch19 24, charged Ch32.38. Agent: Here to help. For more info regarding your concern, please visit
Customer: is honestly trash Agent: This is concerning. What makes you feel this way? What seems to be the issue? we will be happy to assist.
Customer: Over all connection, I get this notification from the phone as for loving in and out I did a fresh install, no luck! Agent: Can you message us your accounts email address? we will check things out /
Customer: just the free movie options, sorry. thanks for checking in Agent: No problem. If you do need anything or have any questions please reach out to us.
Customer: Your Arlington Little Rd store would not give me free small fries 2 hours ago so I did not buy Turkey... Agent: Please email our Guest Support team more details to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: oh how you call me everyday to tell me to pay my bay my bill, but whenever I try to log on to do it, your site is down usuck Agent: Are you referring to your wireless or residential service?
Customer: Microsoft Minesweeper game from Microsoft Store cannot be installed on phone. It says error 0x803FB005. Agent: Hi, Yudhi. let us sort this out. Are you using WiFi? Can you check your phones date and time? Have you tried any troubleshooting?
Customer: Seriously what is up with ordering things and it being open? You guys shipping returned items. 2nd day in a row this happens I am dissapointed Agent: We do not want this to happen and are eager to help. Reach out to us for more assistance here
Customer: Hi I am trying to addon baggage from BKK to KUL for tomorrow... is there something wrong with the website... Agent: Hi There, we has respond you by DM,see you there! Anwar
Customer: I went to to get a burrito and they called it a boorito on the receipt amp I got such a kick out of it Agent: Heck yeah! Thanks for stopping by. Becky
Customer: Thank you for the best bday gift ever! A weekend at ! And the Best empty flight home! Agent: we are just creeping it real for you, Katie! Happy HalloWN!
Customer: What the fuck is this Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: It was the 1035am from Edinburgh to Heathrow. We finally left around 2pm, not impressed BA... Agent: We understand how this impacts on your day and we’re genuinely sorry.2/2Corry
Customer: Because being a graduate student consumes my entire life Agent: Once a grad, you will not have to worry about discount burritos. Double meat and guac every time cause you will be ballin. Shawn
Customer: Dangerous eerience at bought a bike, wheeling it out in the parking lot, the handle bar practically falls off. Agent: Your safety is very important to us. we would like to learn more. Please message us the store location and your contact info. Thanks.
Customer: This is how I fly on Halloween Agent: That flight looks LIT!
Customer: thank you for delaying my package again and again. Not like I wanted it or anything Agent: I am sorry for the delay! Have we provided an updated delivery estimate for your order? Please check here
Customer: Thanks our baby is lt12mos and we need our car seat to fly so I was wondering if we can bring our own car seat and install via belt buckle in any UberX to go to the airport Agent: Hi there! Yes, you are always welcome to bring your own car seat along for the ride.
Customer: The tablet seemed to fix after reinstalling. The TV is a Samsung. That seems to the the only one still giving me trouble. Agent: Happy to hear reinstalling did the trick on your tablet! On your Samsung TV, please work through these
Customer: hey my headquarters still are not populated, is there a fix for this Agent: and it will continue to become more common to find yourself in a fully populated HQ.
Customer: have not been able to watch Hulu for days. Seconds into a show error message appears and asks to check connection. Signal fine Agent: Oh no! Is this close to the first ad break? What device are you using? The following tips may help
Customer: I have tried. It’s not allowing me to access my account to cancel my membership, I haven’t even used prime in almost 3 months. Agent: I am sorry to hear you are not able to access your account. Please use this link instead to contact us
Customer: Tf is wrong with my keyboard Agent: Fill us in on what is happening, then we can help out from there.
Customer: But why? They were not before. Also, no, those particular permissions can not be disabled. Agent: So just to clarify what phone were you using before this one? O2Guru
Customer: it’s really stupid that we pay all this money for our phones and we don’t get signal where we live Agent: Hey Corah, let us see what is going on there. message us, we want to keep you connected. JoanO
Customer: Any suggestions on the fix? The tv is working better but still loses connection randomly. It’s all devices. Agent: Gotcha. What brand of TV are you streaming on? Do you see any improvement on the tablet after
Customer: Is there a way to get a psn account unbanned Agent: Hi there, Check the following article to receive further details about the process with banned accounts
Customer: Hey, I have a question concerning payment? I was hoping youd be able to help? Agent: I would love to help. Meet me back in DM, and we will chat. ZachRicketts
Customer: Wrong items in order, stale shells, nacho supreme with only cheese and beans,no one answers phone,Nonsense Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: I just want wifi okay Agent: Hey there, I would like to further assist you with your request. Can you please message your full address and more details?
Customer: 3 here we come Halloween Boise, Idaho Agent: See you soon! Becky
Customer: Accidentally bought Amazon Prime when I misread it for the free month trial, and I wanted to know if theres any way for a refund Agent: You can cancel your Prime membership and receive a refund if you have not used the benefits here
Customer: do not promise a 1 day shipping with a GUARANTEED m delivery when you cannot keep it Agent: Oh no! Have we missed the estimated delivery date showing in your order confirmation email? we are here to help!
Customer: Recall this is the 13th times given out this number to you people especially Agent: Record shows the VAS has been deactivated since yesterday. Stay Unlimited!
Customer: iOS 11.0.3 Agent: let us check Settings gt General gt Software Update. iOS 11.1 was released earlier today. If you see it, please backup amp update.
Customer: Baggage broken by rude mishandling of ground staff from Delhi to Goa.Awaiting response. Agent: Hi,we have checkDPRGOI17A00047 kindly resubmit Eform and appeal team will liaise with you further.SorryMi
Customer: Got Prime, will not leave package at the door. Rode my bike across the city to up my package. homedelivery Agent: I am sorry this happened, Davis! Please provide carrier feedback here about this order
Customer: bury woodfields retail park Agent: Can you message us your full name and address so we can do so? Kind regards Rhys
Customer: Yeah I have tried everything. Nothing. Agent: Please open the link sent previously and search for a deactivation form, please fill it to request the deactivation.
Customer: Shoutout to the best burritos around! Thanks for the 3 burrito! You the best! Agent: And see – we think you are pretty great, too. Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: I do not blame the employees. Clearly the company does not empower their employees to do the right thing. Agent: we would be glad to continue our chat in message and discuss what is happened! JessicaBrenhaug
Customer: 30日にAmazonでカード払いで買ったんだけど、1日深夜に出荷準備が遅れていますメールと共にまたカード利用のメール。どういうこっちゃʅ（◞‿◟）ʃ遅れるのは全然構わないけど2倍払わされるのは勘弁だわー。Amazonでのカード払いやめよう。 Agent: デビット機能付きのカードをご利用のため、カードが再度承認された際に代金が引き落とされた可能性が考えられます。二重引き落としが発生した場合は、後日クレジットカード会社から取り消しが行われます。
Customer: Funny!Yesterday prime account activation was rs499 , today 999 with 500 cash back into amazon pay . Creepy offer for intense user Agent: Umm.. creepy, not sure. The offer was rolled out keeping in mind the benefit of our existing customers. Enjoy!
Customer: Already handled, just venting. It was a pretty big bummer. Agent: Let us know if there’s anything else we can do for you! we are happy to help out any way we can!
Customer: The problem is the xfinity commercials are 50 louder than the shows so they startle me when they come on relay this to the advertising dept Agent: Hello, please send us more info in message on this issue. Like what channels is this happening on?
Customer: Got my 3 boorito from happyhalloween Agent: We appreciate you stopping by! What all did you get in your burrito? Becky
Customer: I need limes! Agent: We should have a couple of those available. Becky
Customer: I’m looking to reroute all my packages except 1 to a nearby Amazon locker. I’ll message you now Agent: Thanks for the information. we have responded to your DM. Good Game
Customer: Thank you, for playing ThisIsUs and for having great flight attendants on my flight back home! Agent: we are glad you got to kick back and enjoy a show while flying! Thanks for your kind words.
Customer: Any fellow editors/photographers that can help me out? Lightroom is causing me some problems and I need to have this photo done Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: Just signed up thru ShopYourWay. Supposed to get promo for 1st ride free and 5 back in SYW points. No code sent? Agent: Happy to help! Please reach out to and fill out the 4 boxes at the bottom so we can get in touch.
Customer: Chx burrito bowl all the works, bring on the GUAC!!! Agent: Mmmmm – well played. Becky
Customer: someone got to my account and changed the email Agent: Sorry to read that. Please check your DMs for assistance.
Customer: WOW you’ve surpassed yourselves again. At HK amp it is heaving. 6 priority lanes / 5 economy. Why do this? Muppets!! Agent: Hi, apologies for this and we hope it does not take too long to checkin. we will feed it back to our Customer Eerience team. jm
Customer: Can anyone who uses elain why a gradient would get lighter in the middle of two dark colors? I really do not understand. Agent: Hi Derrick, do you have hex codes you could share for that gradient so I can try and replicate on my end? Wren
Customer: Thanks for having an outage in my area the entire game 7 of the World Series.. bullshit youowemebig Agent: Hello, Troy, I apologize for the delayed reply. Are you still having issues with your services at this time?
Customer: A321 Frances arrives at Newark Agent: Nice shot, thanks for sharing! Sean
Customer: Thanks, they are 0C2340 amp 003B49 Agent: Also try resetting your preferences Wren
Customer: ei mim ajuda Agent: Olá, Cassiel. Sem compartilhar informações pessoais ou da sua conta, me diga, como posso ajudar você?
Customer: hi! When do Hawaii routes start? Thanks Agent: We plan to start ticket sales in 2018, but we are not sure of the specifics quite yet. Stay tuned, Jeff!
Customer: will Lr6 support the Sony a7r3? Agent: Hi there, it is relatively a new camera and is not supported in Lightroom 6 as of now. Tanuj
Customer: what is wrong the Tmobile app and My Tmobile app neither working properly? Agent: Hey, thanks for reaching out! message me and I will check it out for you! JelisaAbregano
Customer: GET. IT. TOGETHER!! Fix it. HuluLiveTV WorldSeries Agent: Sorry, Jake! What issue are you coming across? What device are you using? For now, try rebooting your device amp modem/router.
Customer: Dear thanks for just leaving my package on the porch, in the rain and you didnt even ring the doorbell? So there it just sat. Agent: I am sorry that this has happened. Please message the tracking number and we will look into this for you.
Customer: What’s the point been here about an hour and no ride going home . Agent: Hey there, please message us with the phone number associated with your account so we can look into this for you.
Customer: Just had Chicken Pepperoni Parmesan sandwich meal. So delicious that it should be on the menu from now on ChickenParm Yum Agent: We will share your tweet with our Menu amp Product Development team.
Customer: I have to be at work at 2pm tomorrow. My new phone is being overnighted but it may not be there until then. I have no other ride. Agent: Hi there, thanks for reaching out. Please send us a message so we can continue our conversation.
Customer: Went to dressed up as Napoleon Dynamite and the line was out the door. So disappointed Agent: I am confident it will be worth the wait! Becky
Customer: out of service again. Thank goodness for … May be time to increase my data plan! Agent: I would be happy to help you with your connectivity issues. message us and I can get started. Yngwie
Customer: I am on line to order, I am hoping its been fixed. I let you guys know. My friends were told only burritos Agent: Please have your friends contact us The team did not recall saying this to anyone. Becky
Customer: Chat doesn’t seem to work in Germany. On the order page I cannot leave comments … Agent: If you are unable to access these resources, let us get you connected with our local AppleCare Support team to get you to our Online Support group
Customer: You suck. Raise my bill twice since June. Internet goes out almost daily. Never had such awful svc from any provider. Agent: We would be more than willing to take a closer look here into getting any billing concerns or questions addressed...
Customer: can you guys come up with a loyalty system. like for every 10 burritos we get 1 free!! Agent: No plans yet, but you never know what could happen down the line. Becky
Customer: accountshubz Dharewa. Driver has CNG kit n I am not able to load my luggage. I am cancelling then You r charging. Unfair Agent: we will be happy to help! Send us a note via so our team can connect.
Customer: got rid of chorizo. If anyone needs me, I will be locked in my room listening to sad songs on full blast to hide my sobs. Agent: My apologies for any sadness. I was a fan, too. Becky
Customer: . do not say you will deliver the next business day then come back the same day. I will not let someone in my building I am not eecting. Agent: I am sorry for the frustration. Who was the carrier for this delivery? You can check here
Customer: yea I have, it appears to be routing to Washington and then to France Agent: Could you post it here so we can assist you in verifying where the issue is?
Customer: can you all fix your dang broadcasting issues? I am tired of the World Series getting replaced by things like DailyMailTV. Agent: what the Broadcaster chooses to show on their channel. Thank you. Lindsey 2
Customer: I solved the problem it was my fault Laughing Out Loud did not think you all would find this Agent: Feel free to reach back out if you need anything else! we are always here to help. Raj
Customer: It’s not my setup. Hulu just chugs at the most random moments. Agent: Your speeds look great, so let us know the device in use. For now, try rebooting your device amp modem/router for 12 mins.
Customer: Despite flying w/ same from EWR, forced MIA to check guitar amp charged 25. Not gate, Before security. Flt not full. WHY? Agent: Your guitar must fit underneath the seat in front of you or in an overhead bin. Please see details here
Customer: Of course I want it minimized. It’s five minutes behind. Don’t call it live if Twitter can spoil the result, you know? Agent: Typically, the delay is less than that. Does this improve after working through Is it hardwired?
Customer: I just did.. hope to get a resolution soon. Agent: I have got your DM! I will meet you there! ZachRicketts
Customer: in Jeffersonville no forks or guacamole annoyed Agent: I am sorry that happened. Do you happen to have the address of that restaurant so I can follow up with the right team? Jen
Customer: I bought a year worth of playstation plus and the code isnt working? Why is that? Agent: Hi there! Please let us know the exact error code or message that you receive when you try to redeem the code.
Customer: I activated both as primary and the other account still cannot play it Agent: Please restore licenses and try again. Steps here
Customer: needs to step up their game! Where is my meat and why is nothing I ordered right?! Agent: This is not okay. Where did you get this?
Customer: I absolute hate your streaming service. It literally never works when you want to watch something. Such a waste. Agent: Sorry, Peter! What behavior do you eerience during playback? What device do you use? These tips may help.
Customer: WHAT THE HECK?! Agent: We turned off online ordering tonight for our Boorito promo. My apologies for any frustration. Becky
Customer: at 7 it said it was out for delivery by 8 pm. It now says sorry for your package being late and will arrive by November 3rd Agent: I am so sorry about that! Who was the carrier? You can find that info here
Customer: Well, heck, ... New Classic cannot import more than a hundred or so images at a time before totally crashing. Big fail Agent: we are looping in an eert who can help you out here. They will reply as soon as they are available. Raj
Customer: flying to NY. Adding passport details, but keep saying error? Never had this problem. Is it cause my lead passenger should? Agent: Hi Dannah, we can certainly look into this for you and help add your passport details. Please confirm your full name, booking reference,
Customer: I want to change my number Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can connect.
Customer: hello. I purchased the gta v bundle ps4 and reset my ps4 and now I do not have my gta v. Who do I contact to restore it Agent: Hi Ido. Restore licenses, steps and follow the steps in the next linkhttp //tinyurl.com/j4rb2h7
Customer: When all you want is a good burger and and let you down... is this a trick or where is my treat? HappyHalloween Agent: Hey Katlyn. So sorry about this. Please message us your info and we will reach out to you right away! Thanks DoorDash
Customer: Yes.. not single call got regarding that since Saturday.. I want to return this products and never want to purchase again with amazon Agent: I am sorry about the hassle. Please drop in your details here we will look into it.
Customer: No, I cannot check. It shows nothing. And customer service rep was NO help. Agent: If you would like to contact our support team via phone, please give us a call so we can review these details with you <number>.
Customer: So what have you decided my dear ?? By this time you should have known the entire issue.Im eecting a response from you Agent: We have received your details. We are working on it and will get back to you with an update at the earliest.
Customer: That’s the Xbox one still use QR code’s Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. The QR code feature was removed around a year ago.
Customer: Can I get more than one boorito with a costume? I normally get 2, Agent: it is one per person in costume. Becky
Customer: No more cable. Gone. Tired of their shit Agent: I apologize if that is the decision made there, James. You do have your choice of providers, and we hope you stay...
Customer: To be fair, I got much better service through twitter than I did previously over the phone. Thanks and Agent: we are glad we could help! we are here anytime, Curtis.
Customer: can I do a SDC from AS to if the routes are the same? Agent: Good question, A Reservations Agent will need to assist at 1.877.359.8474 Kimball
Customer: Thanks! Unplugging stuff will be logistically difficult would it work if I just went online and triggered a reboot? Thanks! Agent: Yes you can do that as well. The unplugging of the coaxial cable line can also fix signal issue if that is what i...
Customer: なんかAmazon支払い方法変わりました？？ Agent: おはようございます！＾◇＾ Amazonのお支払い方法にて、何かお困りでしたか？
Customer: Will ever get their stuff together in Oneonta? Doubtful... Smdh Agent: We want to talk. message us.
Customer: I was trying to watch a video but the ad was buffering...I have unlimited 4g lte Agent: Abdul, we do not like buffering videos either! let us make sure that never happens again for you send us a DM! TerriL
Customer: I have question when you get the Digital bundle do you get the season pass included Agent: The Season Pass is included with the Digital Deluxe Edition. If youd like the Season Pass, make sure you get this version.
Customer: HANDS DOWN has the best burritos. Agent: So darn cute! Jen
Customer: love the new look cafe in my local store. Delightful veggie cajun burger but no brioche bun! Twas only a morning roll! Agent: I will pass on your feedback. Kirsty
Customer: Nope. 6 hours later and I am still on standby. Trying not to cry in the airport. Agent: I am glad to hear we could put you on the standby list, but we regret any frustrations. We hope to get you to your destination soon.
Customer: Halfterm homework Agent: What an utter legend! Thanks for sharing, Gemma! Lolly
Customer: Got call of duty and I was super stoked!! turns out my internet ain’t fast enough. Thanks and thanks to for taking 3 weeks to install my new internet Agent: Feel free to message if youd like assistance with anything, Nelson. we are here to help. Mike
Customer: 30 attempts over last 6 weeks to call you about compensation MasterCard that does not work. Department not taking calls! Agent: MondayFriday <number>. You can find info about your compensation Mastercard here Linda
Customer: Never buy large appliances from as they DO NOT provide installation service. CustomerInconvenience ApniDukan? Fail Agent: Seems like you have had an unpleasant eerience. Could you elaborate so that we could assist you accordingly?
Customer: For the boorito offer, if you order half steak, half chicken and then extra steak, it would still be 3, right? Agent: As long as everything fits comfortably inside your meal, it will be the 3. Becky
Customer: Hey you have a future employee ready to bring the 737 Max in. transfarency IFlySWA HappyHalloween17 Agent: We would not trust anyone else to bring our planes in! Thanks for sharing this photo. Happy HalloWN!
Customer: My boyfriend doesn’t refer anyone . He automatically gets them applied to his account ..... Agent: Hello! Thanks for your patience. Please check your message for our reply.
Customer: can I bring my GoPro Karma drone as a carry on if it is in its case? Agent: Hello Grace, please follow via message for assistance.
Customer: Excuse me I have ✌ songs that I never made available commercially, available on your service who do I contact Agent: 2 mobile, can you send us the Song Link instead? Just tap the three dots gt Share gt Copy Link. We look forward to your reply /
Customer: I used to use that feature as an example of great . Agent: We understand. do not worry, we will let the right team know it is something youd like to see again /
Customer: Tall lady 6ft, slim, was on the till about 1510, think she had blonde hair. She served the guy after knowing he didn’t queue up like others Agent: Hi Cade, thanks so much for sending that over. I have sent an email to the Store Manager to look into this for you.
Customer: Mannnnn is garbage chick straight ghosted my order but they’re still trying to make me pay for it Agent: Can you message us so we can look into this for you?
Customer: oh my god you da best walmart Agent: Ohh, stop it! you are making us blush. ☺Sabi
Customer: Thank youyou are awesome Agent: You are welcome!
Customer: hey, internet has been down all day long. Maybe call in a supervisor to help fix this problem? We pay for service... Agent: Hello James, I would be more than happy to take a look. Please send me a DM. Katie
Customer: Next day turnaround on an outage issue? for the CSFail when it comes to dealing with outages CSFail OutageProbs Agent: Hello, this does not sound good. Can you message the account name and complete service address? We would like to help. Dan
Customer: Waiting for ur response. Agent: Request you to remove your number from the post for security reasons. Rgds, Darshan.
Customer: amp Can you all add Cinderella with PLEASE!!!!!! Agent: Hi, Alyssa! We cannot make any promises, but we will absolutely eress your interest in seeing the movie added to Hulu.
Customer: everyone hates your app, why Why W H Y Fix it Agent: we are sorry to hear about your frustration! we are making enhancements to the new app, so feel free to share your feedback.
Customer: First and last time using . 5060 min quote time on Tuesday night ! Order showed up cold in 1hr 40min. Missing sides. Zero communication. fail Agent: Oh no! I am really sorry to hear about this, please message us your email address and we will reach out right away!
Customer: um wheres my m16 gone? bo3 Agent: Good evening, can you provide a video of you having this weapon in your inventory?
Customer: Ur in app support refuses to acknowledge promise made by phone CS rep for refund. You used to have stellar CS. Now the worst. Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your account email address and we will be in touch.
Customer: follow me so I can message Agent: Please feel free to use the link provided to message us.
Customer: Too much to detail just go look at Netflix. UI is NO PLACE to “innovate” any longer. Just get on board with 20 yrs of evolution Agent: Got it. we will be sure to share your feedback as improvements continue to be made based on viewer input like yours!
Customer: Why do you say that an article is eligible for free delivery then offer nothing but standard option at £4.75? Agent: Is everything in your basket eligible? You can find more info here Let us know if this helps!
Customer: iPhone 7, iOS 11.1 Agent: Thank you very much! Send us a message to let us know if your speaker does not work on calls, or if other apps are affected as well.
Customer: why wont your app ever let me do a partial payment on my cc. it is putting me in a bad place regarding my usage. fix the app!!! Agent: Hi Michael.For immediate assistance,pls call our Digital Assist Team at <number>, .Thank you.
Customer: Yes, it is with all websites and it is in games too. Tried restarting router but didnt work. How do I show you tracerts? Agent: Would you be able to take a screenshot and then tweet us the picture?
Customer: I hate how Twitter only lets you type a certain amount of words it’s fucking gay Agent: Unfortunately we are not able to provide a free code for that. Let us know if you need help with anything else.
Customer: How long does it take to get approved as a driver? Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: my Xbox won’t connect to the internet wired. It shows down sped but no upload speed. I’ve hard reset and everything. Plz hlp Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. Have you power cycled your router? let us see if that helps.
Customer: Dear team, after update my iPhone 6 Plus its hang in the Apple logo screen. Agent: do not worry, we have got you covered! Check out the steps listed here
Customer: Decent movie selection. It’s been a while since I’ve given you guys a turn....not too bad considering I have to fly “cattle class” Agent: Welcome back! Thanks for traveling with us again.
Customer: help me pls Agent: While we reply as quickly as we can, if you need live immediate assistance you can call us directly by going to HelpampContact.
Customer: make that on hold for 20 mins really first class service erm not Agent: Can I please ask what else you would like to query and I will do my best to help from here? Thanks Craig
Customer: you guys trying to make it harder to load local music? BROWSE FOR MUSIC Show me the song I added instead. do not BS users. Agent: Hey there! Can you let us know what is happening exactly? we would love to lend a hand /
Customer: Not yet, any particular reason why this flight was canceled? Agent: ...accommodated onto a new flight.
Customer: worst customer service got hung up on twice Agent: I am so sorry we have let you down that is never our intent! we would like to take a closer look into this and elore options with you. Please reach us by phone or chat when you have a moment for direct assistance
Customer: It’s been 8 months of making my life difficult love love love teamTmobile Agent: Hi there! Tell us how we can change this impression.
Customer: Hey iPads can message, you know? Why isn’t the “free messaging” option on flights offered for them? Agent: Sorry for the trouble! We will pass along the feedback.
Customer: Hi Hulu why am I getting spanish ads during English content? This seems to always happen. Agent: Sorry! There are several factors that impact the adtargeting. we would love to collect more info here
Customer: I waited 20 minutes for a ride driver around the corner the whole time! No 5.00 fee, please. Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: Just updated to iOS 11.2 and my keyboard is completely screwed up and glitchy now ‍♂️ Agent: we would like to assist as best we can. Do you mean iOS 11.1 which was released today?
Customer: are you guys still having log in issues? Via desktop and Xbox dvr website?! Agent: Hey there, it all looks good on our end. Are you still eeriencing this issue? Let us know. Thanks!
Customer: Yes. Thank you Agent: Our pleasure. Please let us know if we can be of further assistance
Customer: To the person or persons that stole that big, heavy Amazon box of my porch today enjoy 200 13 gallon garbage bags! Agent: Oh no! Have you had a chance to report this to us If so, what options and insight did we provide?
Customer: Yes. I talked to customer support last night and today. Still no resolution. They said it may not be resolved for days Agent: Sorry to hear we were not able to immediately remedy the issue! we will share the feedback as we continue to make enhancements.
Customer: is internet out across NYC? Will you give credit for outage? Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. I will be glad to assist you. Can you message me your Name and acct or phone ?
Customer: The best bit about safety video is Agent: So pleased you enjoyed our safety video, Fergus. We hope we can welcome you on board again very soon.Jo
Customer: Hola.... desde ayer en la mañana no me funciona la psn...hay algún problema? como puedo solucionarlo? se me queda cargando. Agent: Buen día Victor. Sigue los pasos en este artículo para resolver el problema.
Customer: How soon. theses vouchers are burning a hole in my wallet Agent: If you could let me know what you are looking for Daniel I will be happy to look into this for you? TY Jayne
Customer: Its the Rock Shandy, so same brand, different flavour. Or even cans of the orange amp lemon would do! Ps, your site has a typo Agent: Hi Tom, if you can link me to the product using the link below I check stock levels for you
Customer: amp Im watching a top show amp yall r providing less than SD quality . Sort it out. I pay you both. Agent: That is no fun. What device are you watching the show on? Are other devices having internet trouble in the home?
Customer: How did I get my credit? This is the 3rd notice!! Agent: Thanks for asking, Jennifer. Your credits are found in your Account Settings gt Payment Methods gt Your Coupons. message us if we can help further.
Customer: Can you please confirm whether the Xbox Select voice command was removed, or if this is temporary? Agent: Hi there! Can you test if this still works with the Cortana commands?
Customer: Overcharged on my ride yesterday. The driver took the longest route for no reason. Estimated was ₹232, actual is ₹340 Agent: Here to help! Please send us a note via so our team can connect.
Customer: Hi there, will the Tesco store in Monkspath have copies of Call of Duty WW2 to buy at midnight release? Agent: Hi there, I am pleased to say that yes the store will be doing a midnight release as it is a 24 hour store. Thanks Callum
Customer: can you please update my tier points on my account thanks. Agent: Hey James, when did you fly?
Customer: I’ll do it LIVE so there is no confusion. Paul Garrison 850.266.3576 Agent: I apologize. The number provided is not bringing up an account. Can you message me your full address, please?
Customer: Amazing a year later and this still has not been fixed. Agent: Yikes! What model number is your LG TV? Do any errors pop up when it crashes? For now, work through
Customer: . why my iPhone keep dying at 30 quit playing games I am not getting no new damn phone or iPhone x Agent: we would like to help. What iOS version are you on?
Customer: Ok, following. Agent: Thanks Jack we have sent you a message now O2Guru
Customer: I’m bummed, is no longer serving chorizo. Agent: I am sorry you are going to miss it! I know you will find a new favorite soon, though. Jen
Customer: Hey you just gained a customer lost my package I paid for overnight first am delivery, they lost it hope you can do better Agent: Please message us your tracking and contact number via the link so we can look into this for you.
Customer: online shopping why does this keep happening after entering security code correctly! Agent: Sorry to see that Charlie, did you manage to place your order? Ceri
Customer: Every taco in a 12 pack. Thanks ..... Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: is psn down Agent: let us check it out! What console are you using? What error message or error code do you see?
Customer: I sure can! Agent: Thanks!
Customer: . has always had touch amp go cust. service, but 3rd call this week found the 2nd to be lying, who discovered 1st was lying Agent: Hello, Dallas, I apologize for your eerience with us. Is there anything I might assist you with at this time?
Customer: can you please check the volume of your ads please k thanks Excessive Agent: Hey there, Matthew! Thanks for bringing this to our attention. We definitely value your feedback. .
Customer: Jpg. I resaved it 3x out of . Agent: Let me check with a colleague and see what is causing this, it is very weird. I will get back to you when I have updates. Wren
Customer: Thanks for the free drink !!! Happy Halloween to you too! freedrink Southwest Agent: Cheers to your LUV and loyalty, Katherine. we are thrilled you are spending the night with us.
Customer: Quesadilla? where is the cheese, let alone the rest of the contents? Weak. Agent: let us remake that. message us.
Customer: Dressed up as the chicken I am about to get in my bowl Agent: Yeah, buddy! that is what I like to hear. Becky
Customer: Will it eventually be offered in my area, if it doesn’t already? Agent: We can definitely put in a request for you, Karina. Please let us know your city and state when you have the time.
Customer: is not prime two day shipping supposed to be guaranteed? what happens when its late? Agent: I am sorry you have not received your order yet! Have we missed the delivery date confirmed via email
Customer: Y’all really need to get your shit together and get a customer service phone I never got my shit so fix it. Agent: Can you message us with your account email so we can check this out for you?
Customer: Ordered chicken nuggets and got this. Seems right! But hey, at least you’ll look in to it in 24 hours. Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can connect.
Customer: 3 email was sent from a customer to me first, but not being able to reply likely cost me a 1500 contract. thanks. Agent: Please message your complete address and name on the account. Maria
Customer: Right, but I earned those. I also shouldn’t have to pay to pass them to my own spouse. You need to change your program. Agent: we are sorry for your frustration.
Customer: When the food order does not show up!!!!!!!! Not impressed, customer lost. Agent: Sorry Emma, did you receive your delivery? Ceri
Customer: is there a way to know if the Amazon gift cards I send are being used? Agent: You would only be able to confirm gift card balances on the account it is redeemed on.
Customer: Current Premiere Pro CC Crash Count for the Evening of /2017 11 Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: My Lyft driver is horrible Agent: we are sorry to hear about that. Can you message us more details.
Customer: I HATE Wells Fargo but I will not close my account bc chase will not let me put mine and Garretts picture on my card Agent: Saw your tweet. I hope I can turn your feelings around. Let me know what caused you to feel this way.
Customer: Pinole, California. Agent: Thank you. we are on it.
Customer: Thank you Boorito Agent: you are welcome! Jen
Customer: Actualize a iOS 11.1 y sobrecalienta el equipo Agent: We offer support via Twitter in English. Get help in Spanish here or join
Customer: hello! I meant as a user not as an associate!! Agent: we are here to help! For more info, visit us at
Customer: Bienvenida sea la multi tarea al 3D touch en iphone, gracias newupdate Agent: We offer support via Twitter in English. Get help in Spanish here or join
Customer: internet has been down for almost 30 mins now.. Agent: Hello. Please, message me your full address so I can provide an update on your services for you. Thanks.
Customer: why does this keep happening? Started prior to iOS 11.1 update. Still happens post update. Agent: let us look at this closer. Please message us.
Customer: So in case anyone wanted to know. really is doing the 3.00 thing if you wear a costume Agent: that is correct. Becky
Customer: must be dishing my grocery shop out to trick or treaters since they’re an hour late already Agent: Sorry Beverley, did you receive your order? Ceri
Customer: Some of the worst delivery service I have ever received in my life Agent: we are here to help. Can you please send us a message so we can connect?
Customer: Mooresville NC. Our entire order was full of stale shells and hard tortillas. Agent: that is not okay. let us make up. message us.
Customer: I really hadthe WORST eerience ever from start to finish with will never fly internationally again with them Agent: we are truly sorry to hear that. Please PM us more info so we can followup with you.
Customer: I set up a paypal account before i was 18. Fair play, my bad. Was wondering if i could shut down the account so i can restart it now im 18? Agent: Sadly we cannot close this account until you are 18, but we can close this account once you are 18 and you can op...
Customer: This being UKSausageWeek, it’s reminded me to ask will you be doing the Taste the Diff chipolatas w. cranberries this year? Agent: Hi Rachel, what is your local store? I will look into this for you. Steven
Customer: Do you have a customer support email? Agent: Here to help! Connect with us through and we will be in touch.
Customer: Incorrect cancellation fee charged driver cancelled my ride, tried to contact his no was nt rechble reg no <number> Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: Sms Agent: Share the details as earlier advised via sms to 333 free and we will look into it.
Customer: Bless the hotel gods that got me upgraded to a suite with this glorious tub. Kimpton Hotel Eventi Agent: This calls for a bathing ritual, Allyson. we will be sure to pass the praise along to them.
Customer: 11 Agent: Send us a message and we can check on more options for you.
Customer: Jai un pb quelquun a payer des jeux avec ma cb pour acheter 210e de jeux... Agent: Hi! we are an English support team, if that is ok, we are happy to help! Or our chat team can help
Customer: . any way to block this particular ad? Happy with ads/dont want premium. Just this ad is really hard to watch over and over and over. Please help. Agent: Hey there! Thanks for taking the time to reach out – we will pass your feedback on to our Ads team /
Customer: I forgot my psn email can you guys help me get it back? Agent: Hi there! We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: How long do I need to wait for my credit shell to be processed? I replied the email on . Need it for new booking. Agent: May we have the booking number you are referring to Oii? Yana
Customer: is there an internet outage in <number>? Agent: I do apologize for the inconvenience and I will be happy to help. Can you message me your account number?
Customer: I appreciate the offer, but I was able to work through it and get it done. If it continues on the next project, I will definitely reach out. Agent: Give us a shout if you need anything else.
Customer: .’s surge pricing is ridiculous. I literally just ordered the exact same food from on for 13 less. Agent: The busy area fee helps us maintain the reliability amp speed of our service. You can try again later when there may be less demand.
Customer: So, what is the november ps plus free game? Agent: There is no info to share at the moment. Feel free to keep an eye on the PS Blog for news and updates
Customer: can you guys make the list of things that stop you from becoming a driver public? it is suspect that it cannot be found simply Agent: we are here to help! Please write in at and we will be happy to look into it for you!
Customer: needs to get on ASAP!!!!! I want a chicken gumbo Agent: we are here to help. Can you please send us a message so we can connect?
Customer: I’ve been a customer for years and have never been treated so poorly by ! I am furious! I need corporates number. Agent: Our apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience Kyle. Is there anything we may be able to assist with? .
Customer: I! Fucking! Hate! Wells! Fargo! Agent: What made you upset? Please tell me and I will do my best to help.
Customer: Welcome to , y’all! happyhalloween teamhomeaway Agent: Lovely ladies! Although, to be honest, none of you look a day older than 20! Danny
Customer: I am flying JFKMEXMID tomorrow and you say I am booked in, but it looks like it is just the first leg. Can you check, please? Agent: Hi, Richard. Can you pls message your confirmation number so I may look into this matter for you? Thanks!
Customer: signal page does not seem to show SNR for upstream. Agent: I am seeing a T4 at 639 PM followed by a number of T3s, then another but from this error it is showing the wrong date so I dont know if that was last night or sometime other.
Customer: Or you can provide me with a direct dial number and I’ll call it now Agent: Hi there! We are not able to see customers account information here on Twitter. Please reach out to us by calling <number> and keep us updated on the outcome!
Customer: Keep getting “playback failure” trying to watch the WorldSeries. Come on ya’ll.. Agent: We wanted to reach out and apologize for the issues the other night. We eerienced an outage, but it has now been resolved.
Customer: The Virgin America ground staff are dressed up for Halloween and are playing tunes like MCR amp the Harry Potter soundtrack Agent: Gotta love it! Thanks for flying with us! Sean
Customer: There’s not a chipotle within 100 miles of me since I’ve moved Agent: Becky
Customer: still it ask me to pay to next driver, why I have to pay, and it wasted around my 1 hour and you asshole will just say sorry for this Agent: Please message us your email so we can take a deeper look.
Customer: Hey what about being available in India??? Agent: Hey there! we are launching regularly in countries around the world. Sign up here to be first to hear /
Customer: good morning someone is using my name to solicit for funds to be sent to their safcom line.They claim I am admitted in hosi Agent: Hi,is the use of your name done via social media or sms?Share details via sms to 333free for us to follow up.
Customer: Thanks for the treat for those of us who have to miss out tonight! I will be sure to tell my flight crew. They d/n know Agent: It was a pleasure having you onboard and spending HalloWN with you, Jessica. Come back and see us again soon!
Customer: I recharged for 19 for unlimited data. Got 75 mb data only. Worst app amp customer care. Q1146358710521. Can You look Agent: Apologies for the trouble. Please message us your Idea number to assist you further. Regards, Darshan.
Customer: what time do you guys stop delivering packages. Agent: We deliver up until 700 p.m. or until the driver has attempted to deliver every package. “During the holidays our drivers can deliver until 800 p.m. or later.
Customer: Gave him a 20 bill to cash tip him and he drove off without giving change Agent: Can you please message us specific details of your concern so that we can properly follow up.
Customer: I have returned several things lately and do not want Amazon to think I am abusing the return policy. Agent: I understand! Returns can be made as long as they fall under this policy Hope this helps!
Customer: when I loaded my ps4 everything is green is this a trick? HappyHallowen Agent: Sorry to hear about the inconveniences,Try accessing to safe mode and choose the option number 2
Customer: i reset my password 3 times and it still says incorrect you gotta be shitting me Agent: I am sorry for the trouble! Have you tried the steps outlined here?
Customer: This laptop’s storage is fucking wit me i just want to download lightroom Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: what’s a swift code ? Agent: The SWIFT code for international wire transfers is CHASUS33.
Customer: Will do Agent: Have a great night!
Customer: Yes, same message error playing this video, iPhone 7 Agent: Please try uninstalling/reinstalling our iPhone app. If no change, contact us via phone/chat here
Customer: Cutest burrito spotted . there is still time for late Halloween burritos after the cocktails are over! halloweenmunchies Agent: Oh my goodness – I love this! Nicely done, my friends. Becky
Customer: When you order pizza from and they literally deliver a pizza with three slices missing out of it. What in the actual hell!? Agent: we are terribly sorry your order arrived this way! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thanks!
Customer: Thanks to going above ampbeyond I was able to change my flight to go directly to Florida amp have the chance to say goodbye to my grandpa Agent: Thank for the shoutout Alena. Glad we were able to help.
Customer: Why was there a half gig update for world at war? Agent: Good afternoon Jayden, sadly we do not have information on that. Sincerest apologies.
Customer: glad I pay for 100mb/s horrible xfinity Agent: and send us a Direct Message with your account information so that I can see what is going on. –
Customer: Yes, I need corporates number! Agent: I am sorry Kyle. There is not a telephone number I am able to provide. However, you are welcome to provide any fee...
Customer: I’ll try it later Agent: If the issue persists share the details of this issue in our Community forum for further investigation
Customer: So to conclude this hangry rant, the avocado on my order had browned by the time it got here from 4 blocks away after a 1 hour drive. Agent: Sorry to hear about this! Send us a message with your email address so we can connect.
Customer: How horrible is service? So horrible that it’s hard to keep a good signal anywhere AND this message has been sending since 944 Agent: we are here to help. Please send us a message so we can further assist.
Customer: First from 2 destination rides to 6 but now back to 2 again? And during rush hour I cannot even use that? What are you doing Uber?? Agent: we are sorry to hear about the trouble. Could you please message us your account email and the details of your issue?
Customer: I have done all that...Live TV always buffers. On demand is great... Live TV not so much. Agent: Gotcha! we would like to make sure we are covering all ground here. Is your Roku meeting our speed reqs
Customer: Is anyone doing bug fixing anymore? I have a whole zoo of them on my iPhone and iMac that could be tamed! Agent: let us get both working right, starting with your iPhone. Which model is it and what is happening with it? Steps tried?
Customer: hola alguien de soporte podria ayudarme con un problema con mi contraseña Agent: Hola Miguel! Encuentra como cambiar tu contraseña en el siguiente enlace
Customer: Hey , maybe do not ask people to pay 8 for launch day arrival if you are not going to ship the package until the day after launch! Agent: I am sorry for the poor eerience, Skylar. Were you given a reason for the delay? Check here
Customer: I have replied to the mail also check it and provide some useful reply Agent: Thank you for confirming. You should hear an update from us soon. Keep an eye on your mailbox.
Customer: I’ve never tweeted a complaint....however when you interfere with me watching ThisIsUs then I will....lookin at you Agent: We can look into this for you. Please provide details about your issue with your full address. Brenda
Customer: You may Agent: I have sent the refresh to your WiFi modem. It may take up to 10 minutes for it to reload. Please run a speed test on the hardwired connection once you are back online and share your results. Mary
Customer: Didn’t work. Channels come up in guide always have by tv freezes when changing to anything under 523. Agent: Is your router up and working?
Customer: The audacity of 1416 landing early tonight. I might have to negotiate a shared ride cause there’s no taxis. Talesfromthetaxi Agent: We see you are arriving just a few minutes early, we are always working to get you to your destination as soon as possible.
Customer: 11.00 am. It was only 10 mins late Agent: Ahh yes I can see the service arrived into Birmingham New Street 8 late apologies for this.
Customer: quit spamming me with marketing phone calls. I have not given my permission for my number to be released for any products Agent: To limit our direct marketing to you by mail or telephone, call <number>, our menu will guide you through your choices.
Customer: Are you ever going to patch the BFA achievement on Darksiders 2 for Xbox one? You already fixed PS4. Agent: If you need help with this, let us know! we are official Xbox support amp we would be happy to help
Customer: Hey my scheduled ride canceled on me when he was 1 minute away. If I cancel I pay 5. I need a 5 credit. Agent: Here to help! Follow up here and our team will connect right away.
Customer: no, my photos aren’t gone. why are there four five actually, one isn’t pictured albums in my photos all labeled twitter? Agent: Got it. Please continue with us by reaching out to our Photos app eerts
Customer: PSVUE is lagging out tonight. Keeps freezing, rewinding itself, etc. and no, it’s not my internet. Making it really hard to watch WS Game Agent: We are happy to help! What devices do you use for PlayStation Vue and are they all being affected?
Customer: Who Have WW2 Code? message Me! Agent: Hey there, are you having issues with your WWII code? Shoot me a DM, I´ll be happy to help!
Customer: when I watch an ad video and you say 30 mins ad free. I eect 30 mins ad free. Not 10 mins. Agent: Hey Terry, that does not sound good! Did the app crash at any point during the 30 minutes? That can cause the adfree time to reset /
Customer: No worries. It was just this that happened. Agent: Whew! Guess that means we are meant to be... /
Customer: 5 days in a row i’ve come into tesco and there’s no plain iced donuts. i’m so annoyed sort it out tesco Agent: Hi Aisha, I am so sorry about this. Can you please confirm location of your local store? I can then look into this for you. TY Rhuari
Customer: . Overwriting files w/ identical names would retain their Dropbox links. Now we get countless 404s from the same workflow. Agent: Hi there, links are connected to specific files so overwriting one would mean that the previous is deleted, therefore the link...
Customer: Why must your equipment mess up when I am watching but not during my husbands 7 hour binge fest of Law and Order? Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your concerns and I am happy to help! Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: Hey you know what I want for Christmas? The ability to get xfinity where I live..almost everyone in the city I am in would switch 2 Agent: If we could offer service to every city we would. ~
Customer: please update your website, this store doesn’t do paypoint Agent: Hi Andrew, thank you for bringing that to our attention. We will have the details updated. Ian
Customer: any of y’all got cheap flights to Scranton, PA aka The Electric City? Agent: Hey there, Tyler! Be sure to check out our Low Fare Calendar for the best deals on your travel dates
Customer: I am On Flight DL4047 to CLE. There is a man in 3A who is moaning in pain and sweating. he is not well. Agent: Thank you. Please reach out to the Flight Attendants for assistance.
Customer: why won’t hulu let me watch greys ? It keeps freezing on advertisements..? Agent: Sorry to keep you away, Maddy! we are here to help and get you back in action. What device? Try out
Customer: trying to spend clubcard vouchers but eating out option diverts to lifestyle every time website glitch? Agent: Hi Hannah, I can see it is working on my end. Can you clear your cache and cookies and see if that helps? Kind regards Rhys
Customer: we have been waiting for a package that was said to be delivered between 124pm. it is past 7pm. I had to put my entire day on hold Agent: Sorry to keep you waiting for this delivery. Please reach out to us if you do not receive your package.
Customer: Are children allowed to sign up for Rapid Rewards? Agent: Hi, Lorenzo! Yes, children are able to sign up for Rapid Reward accounts.
Customer: When will you add an elicit filter? My kids do not want to hear those songs. Agent: 2 recommend showing your support for the idea here /
Customer: tell me why I️’I’ve updated my phone twice and I️ can’t type letter I️ without getting a letter A and a question mark Agent: we are here for you. What is the exact version of the iOS you are running? Check by tapping Settings gt General gt About.
Customer: you all gotta get rid of AMZL and try again Agent: I am very sorry to hear that, J! Have you had trouble with a recent order/delivery?
Customer: continued disappointment, tired of this now. Vodafone looks rather inviting, shame after 15years loyalty to o2, shame not reciprocated Agent: we have replied to your private message Claire.
Customer: why do I pay for 2 day shipping and it is going on 4 days. Agent: If we’ve missed the date in our order confirmation email, please let us know here
Customer: Any idea how I would go about replacing the Audio cable that came with my PS Gold Headset? Agent: Glad to assist! Please check your DMs for further instructions.
Customer: cable going out during the World Series seems less than a stellar performance mark <number> maybe wanna fix that. Agent: Hello, this does not sound good. Can you message the account name and complete service address? We would like to help. Dan
Customer: No NO NOT tonight! Agent: Oh no! Let’s get that fixed as quickly as possible. Please message your full address so I can see what is going on.
Customer: Worst food and service ever Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: Ok so I will not be charged 30 for the entire month of October and then another 30 for November? it will be prorated for October, right? Agent: The prorated amount will depend on the orders timing within your billing cycle.
Customer: Getting to the lists of episodes. It’s not difficult. Just way more annoying. Plus you can’t see as many choices on screen at once. Agent: Apologies for the difficulties! That was definitely not our intention. we will absolutely pass on your feedback to our developers.
Customer: My flight to MIA next week is on the 1st day is offering a new preorder fruit amp cheese plate option in F… will try it amp see Agent: Let us know what you think! we are excited to have you on board.
Customer: hi order was not fulfilled by vendor, and i am still being charge. can we fix this please? can we chat in DM? Agent: Yes! message us with your account email
Customer: My connection, to provide context. Agent: Thanks for that picture. let us go ahead and initiate the download from the web martketplace
Customer: Do you fire people for actually giving customers cheddar? This is ridiculous Agent: Please email our Guest Support team more details to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: Yes. I unplugged and plugged everything back in too. Agent: Is it doing this on your other TVs as well?
Customer: Hi i was charged for a subscription and did not sign up for it Agent: Uh oh! We definitely want to look into this. Please give us a call at the phone number listed here
Customer: why is my “it “ autocorrecting to I.T?? So annoying! Can’t change in settings either... Agent: we would love to help. let us work together in .
Customer: y’all really need to get this signal shit together Agent: Hi there! we would like to look into this issue for you. Please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you.
Customer: Any progress on this? Agent: No update right now Jack but we will be back in touch as quickly as we can.
Customer: having some problems with Play Music on my android device. Where can I get some assistance? Agent: Hi Gary, we would like to help. Share more details and we will see what we can do. Thanks!
Customer: I accidentally picked up the wrong order from my lobby, can you help? I can deliver the food if I have an apt number. Agent: Here to help! Follow up here and our team will connect right away.
Customer: Thanks, Becky! I sent a comment Chipotlecustomerservice Agent: Thanks so much, and you should hear back from us soon. Becky
Customer: No worries. I got my four burrito bowls without issue. Lucky me. We beat the lines! Agent: Success! Well played, my friend. Becky
Customer: Exactly as seen on our flight. GetSomeRealPoliciesAndEnforceThem Agent: We apologize for the inconvenience. Travelers submit their paperwork to us, but are not required to show it to everyone on board.
Customer: We have but not satisfactorily. Can you message me please Agent: Unfortunately we are unable to help you with BA Holidays bookings, Tracey. we are sorry to disappoint you. Jane
Customer: 9008 Holly Rd, Grand Blanc, MI <number> Its a recurring issue Agent: Thanks for letting us know. we are on it.
Customer: Steps for an adult Halloween go to for a boorito and hand out candy at home Agent: Sounds about right! Becky
Customer: Thanks for the 3 BOOrito Great seeing all the other costumes in line. Agent: Right? The best part of standing in line is people watching. Becky
Customer: Yes Agent: Please press and hold down the Alarm Silence or ONT Reset button for about 15 seconds. The network terminal to reboot.
Customer: Well, I️ was running 11.0.3, and now 11.1. Issue persists. Agent: Thanks. Please message us and we will continue this conversation there.
Customer: Today I announce my retirement from eating . I have chosen to spend more time with my family and less time with my toilet. Agent: that is concerning to read. Please provide more details so we can investigate Becky
Customer: I agree! Why the frig can we not get an ETR????!?!? Agent: We do apologize for the inconvenience and hope to have it restored soon as we can. =
Customer: No. did not receive email nor phone call yesterday. It’s completely unacceptable. I’m going to work now so this is going to be problematic. Agent: Hi, can you message me with your account name, address, telephone number and email? Ty Andrew
Customer: Opened second ticket number last Friday and received a call to cell that it was corrected. Guess what? it’s not Agent: Sorry to hear about the trouble. Allow us to assist. Please follow us and message your ticket number so we may investigate.
Customer: On behalf of all college students, thank you Agent: Oh behalf of Chipotle, thank YOU! Becky
Customer: I just opened an account with xfinity and needed the modem. Will it be shipped to my house or do I have to pick it up? Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your new service concerns and I am happy to help. Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: Already filled out one of those Agent: Please check your DMs for further instructions.
Customer: After contacting you concerning deactivation of my account, it was reactivated but after 48 hrs, ,it has been been deactivated. Please help Agent: Hello! Thanks for your patience. Please check your message direct messages for our reply.
Customer: <number>.replacement ordered from 24th Oct.no1 contact me.Really worst courier service from Amazon Agent: Please don’t provide your order details, we consider them as personal information. Our Twitter page is visible to public.
Customer: thanks for dropping coverage during the middle of the World Series but successfully delivering coverage all day at work fail Agent: Hello. I would be happy to help with your service issue. Are you still eeriencing issues with your coverage?
Customer: You gonna magically change your connectivity for me and my whole family ? Agent: This is saddening to hear. Please shoot us a DM, so that we can look into this for you.
Customer: so disappointed with the wrong freeze and my nachos consisted of about 7 broken chips and a small thing of cheese stillhungry Agent: let us make up. message us.
Customer: I bought a PC case yesterday for 69.99 and today it is 5 off. Can you refund me the difference? Agent: Hello I would be happy to assist you. Can you please message me your order number?
Customer: I fly a lot so better get used to me! Agent: I think we can make this work Sean
Customer: hey , it is boorito time! theRF. Agent: Oh. My. Goodness. I love all of this so much! Nicely done, fam. Becky
Customer: can you please bring back the „touch preview“ feature??? Please? Agent: Hey Maria! We have more info about this here Give us a shout if you have any questions /
Customer: This was in Roseville Michigan. Not a knock on the Bell, just glad you guys were there serving actual food Late night. forthmeal Agent: We hear you. Thanks for letting us know.
Customer: Done Agent: Got it!
Customer: where is my missing bag ? On br airways flight to bfast hrow kuwait, delayed flightput on K airlines mon anoon veryupset Agent: Hi Kevin, you should have a WorldTracer reference number to allow you to view updates. Do you have this at all? Teresa
Customer: Do You eect people to travel with a compass??? Agent: Head to the multistorey car park, outside you will see a sign for rail replacement. Phil.
Customer: Chipotle is honestly a blessing Agent: Becky
Customer: You just stole my money by losing my order and refusing to credit me back. Shame on you! Please help me recover stolen funds Agent: So sorry for the troubles! Please message us the email address for your account so we can look into this.
Customer: I am still waiting for a response in regards to my account being disabled. Is there a number I can call? Agent: Sorry to hear about the trouble! We just sent you a .
Customer: well 3 booritos, you really scared the shit out of my stomach... currently puking in the library’s bathroom Agent: that is incredibly concerning. Please provide more details here Becky
Customer: Hey ... seriously? Agent: I am so sorry. Are you still at the airport and did you report it upon your arrival? If not please call <number> to file a claim.
Customer: Is there a way to view version history of a FOLDER? Only seeing options for file version history... Agent: ...if you need to restore your folder to a previous point in time, let us know so we can advise assist. Thanks!
Customer: hey ! i just matched my E status to MVP 75k. byeeeee!!!! worstdomesticairline idontflyaa Agent: We hope you will consider staying loyal with us.
Customer: Was gonna say I’m ready for a job at , but my rolling skills suck. Agent: Practice, my friend – it takes practice. I have faith in you! Becky
Customer: activated the EGift voucher but I did not receive any email as it mentioned. How long will it take to process? Agent: Hi There, we has respond you via DM, see you there! Anwar
Customer: The one you guys give in box at purchase Agent: Gotcha, let us make sure that your controller is up to date and see if the headset works then.
Customer: <number>. Same can be seen in screenshot as well. Agent: We understand your concern.Our team will get in touch with you soon.Regards,Pritam
Customer: コレは本当に困る、ゲームも出来なくなったしアップデートしなきゃ良かった´д` → 「バッテリーの減りが激しい」という問題に関しても同様）。 Agent: We offer support via Twitter in English. Contact us for help in your preferred language here
Customer: I am a regular customer however I’m shocked to have bitten on a piece of plastic in 1 of your doughnuts today. Agent: Also, can you include the SC code SC12345 and the store you purchased these from? Kind regards Kirsten
Customer: if I booked through Qantas for a trip to SYD but first leg to SFO is American Air, which confirmation do I use to check in? Agent: you will use our 6 letter record locator since the first leg of your trip is with us.
Customer: Right, and they say they are waiting for Alaska to validate it. But it has not been validated. Agent: When was your travel? Andre
Customer: me pueden ayudar me robaronmi cuenta de psn Agent: Lemantamos el inconveniente. Por favor revisa tus mensajes directos para asistencia.
Customer: It has already settled. Thank you ☺️ Agent: Noted on this. You seem all set for your travel then, wish you an amazing flight ThanksSha
Customer: Why do not you deliver to my neighborhood after 5pm? Agent: Hi, Terrion! This would be a question for your local store. Thanks for your time!
Customer: If i have gift Credit for friends creating an account, do I have to use all my Credit in Just one reservstion or can I manage it? Agent: Hi Elisa, we are here to help. Any travel credits that you have are automatically applied to qualifying reservations.
Customer: Hi, I cannot take a screen shot as it is the only place I am logged in is there a way of someone telling me the password? Agent: Thanks for the info. let us try to reset your password using this link Let us know how it goes.
Customer: Are you going to email me or not Agent: we have replied via DM, please follow up there.
Customer: When you go to for 3 booritos and it’s skimpier than your costume Agent: You can always ask for more of any ingredient. Becky
Customer: Thanks for the great customer service ! Jennifer, you did a great job for parking! Go Jennifer, Tongue Pix? Agent: Hi, thank for the kudos! we are glad Jennifer was able to help you out. KayJay
Customer: mobileCareXI WiFi is not working Agent: account number, and the phone number associated with the account so I may better assist you? Thank you.
Customer: hello, i didnt receive any email regarding reschedule of my flight ticket. Please assist me As Soon As Possible Agent: Hi Amir, Appreciate you able provide us booking number? For us check further . Thank you Mariya
Customer: Do you guys have the option to reserve a block of sequential static IP addresses? Agent: This might help!
Customer: runway is under maintenance at Delhi from 7 nov. flights have been cancelled. Wanted to know status of BA0257, lhrdel 7nov Agent: Hi Sreejit, we have no info about this as yet. Please keep an eye online as this will be updated as soon as we know. Helen
Customer: Got it from the location at 1620 W University Dr, Edinburg, TX <number> Agent: Thanks so much, and I will get in touch with the team right now. Becky
Customer: Are you selling Call of Duty WW2 on the PS4 in your Irish stores this Friday 4th Nov?? Agent: Hi, we do not have news about trhis game at the moment. We have not had preorder stock available for ROI. Laurence.
Customer: your San Vicente location in Los Angeles is so rude and would not honor the Boorito special. You lost a customer Agent: I am so sorry about that. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: im just shitty rn I hate with a passion Agent: We do not want you to have problems. Shoot us a message telling us issue?
Customer: why does my iphone 6 is redémarrer alone !!!!! Agent: Thanks for getting back to us. We apologize but are not understanding the issue at hand. Please message us.
Customer: I need in my life Agent: I am sorry for any frustration. We turned off online ordering tonight for our Boorito promo. Becky
Customer: you need to get with I have no service Agent: we would love to check it out with you! Please message so we can help. JohnWard
Customer: I really think that removing a coach was a great idea on a train that was so busy that I had to sit on the floor, only cost £55 Agent: Hi Grace. Apologies for this. Which train are you referring to please? Josh
Customer: North America, NY more specifically. Both accounts were also set up in Agent: We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: delivery slot of 7m. Now 930 and still waiting.... Agent: Sorry Sam, did you receive your order? Ceri
Customer: Thank you so much for your help. Agent: you are quite welcome!
Customer: Went to go get my burrito tonight and they told me they do not serve chorizo anymore I am dissapointed disappointed Agent: I am so sorry for the disappointment. I was a fan, too. Becky
Customer: redeemed a code for fifa points this afternoon and still have not got it. Why is this? Agent: Hello! Would you mind following us and sending a message with your gamertag and the code you redeemed?
Customer: Give me a song to jam to so I forget about my no good ex who was a selfish prick. No country though thanks Agent: Hey there! Heres a whole playlist of songs we think might help /
Customer: Really unhappy, . I am sitting here at home all day and I got this text a few minutes ago. Agent: Hello! I am really sorry for the frustration. Who was the carrier for the order? You can find that here
Customer: I have already use these alternative a few days ago, and have not had any answer yet Agent: Happy to further assist you. Can you please send us a message direct message with your email address and additional details?
Customer: After meeting reps and signing up and going thorough the whole process I am greeting with this Any ideas? Agent: Hello! Could you please message with the phone number associated with your Lyft account?
Customer: Amazon Kindle の「スライダー」が「マイライブラリー」になったの、本当に不便。「スライダー」は「スライダーから削除」を使うことで、「今、読んでいるor次に読みたい本」の枠として便利だった。「マイライブラリー」はどんな思想の枠ですか？ Agent: ご不便をおかけしております。アップデートにより仕様が変更される場合がありますが、変更の背景等については詳細をお伝えすることができませんことをご了承ください。ご指摘いただいた点は担当部署に伝えさせていただき、今後もサービスや機能の改善に努めて参ります。
Customer: I am frm Bihar,employed n posted in Maharashtra. Adhar card is of Bihar. Idea care said cant link adhar to my MH no. Plz hlp Agent: We are here to help you. Please message your Idea amp Alternate number for further assistance. Regards, Mahindra
Customer: Okay..av heard yhu Agent: All inconveniences regretted. we have got you covered always. Osebi.
Customer: No speedy respnse frm the seller side..I asked 2 return my money but they are not ready 2 clr my issue i need my query to b solved Agent: the Az guarantee claim. You can know more about Az guarantee claim here
Customer: why does flight 501 INDSEA always have final boarding called at the listed START boarding time? Currently sitting at the gate with doors closed for 30 min. Not the first time on this flight number Agent: Hey, do I understand that the flight is closed already? Tara
Customer: Trying to call to set up new service... asks for phone and zip code, says it’s transferring me then it hangs up. Twice now. Agent: Sorry about the trouble setting up new service. Please send us a message so I can assist.
Customer: Happy Halloween! Look at these pumpkins that were donated to us from the Distribution Center! Agent: Nothing but the best for the communities! We hope everyone is able to enjoy the pumpkins. Thanks for the shoutout! Ami
Customer: are iPhone X preorders going to come in early ? Mine has said shipped for 2 days now or are we getting them the 3rd? Agent: I would love to provide you all the MagentaDetails! Please message me here PatrickUllmann
Customer: can you bring me a bottle of sparkling rosé? Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: Lmaooo just hung up on me Agent: Thanks for reaching out to us. Could you message us and give us details so we can assist you further? We are here to help.
Customer: It was on a flight from ATL to NXA arrived at 355 local. FYI. Go thank them. I will when I get there Agent: Have a great week.
Customer: Ah, no thank you Dan, just a turgid outburst. Best... Agent: Understood, if we can be of any assistance, please let us know. Dan
Customer: Any update for when HDR merge and Panorama stitching are coming to Lightroom CC? Agent: Hi Patrick, no ETA to be shared as of now, please suggest it as a feature request at . Tanuj
Customer: yo you have uploaded the wrong song under Weezers QB Blitz Agent: Hi Sarah! we have just sent you a bit more info over DM. we will carry on helping out there /
Customer: I went to get a boorito at amp wen thy asked wat my costume was I said I was a poor grad student so thy gave me the discount Agent: Aw! I know that feeling. Thanks for stopping by. Jen
Customer: playing Agent: Our DJ is on point. Becky
Customer: Question my iPhone6 dies very quick have to charge it 3 times a day my iPhone5 battery was faulty. Could this be the same? Agent: We know how important your battery is amp we will be happy to help. Which iOS version are you using? Also, when did this issue begin?
Customer: 4 days late. I was assured it was going to be put on 1 of 3 other flights from London to Chicago that day, as was travelling to Wisconsin. Agent: ...full name, email, booking reference and your WorldTracer reference. Lolly
Customer: 3 is much better than dollar pizza. I am hallowgrateful! Agent: we are so glad you are a fan. What was your costume? Becky
Customer: 【新 一日一句】10.31 ハロウィンは クレームさえも 吹き飛ばす Amazonで マリオとルイージを買ったのに マリオとマリオが来たwww Wルイージよりマシか！笑 ハッピーハロウィン！ Agent: なお、マーケットプレイスの出品者が発送する商品の場合には、出品者毎にポリシーを設けているため、恐れ入りますが、出品者に直接お問い合わせください。出品者へのお問い合わせ方法はリンクよりご確認ください。
Customer: is the biggest fucking joke. How are they still in business. do us all a favor and teach them how to treat customers Agent: Our offer to help via message still stands. Please have her reach us there.
Customer: Happy halloween! decided to go with a logo this year Agent: Happy Halloween, Joe. Thanks for your fantastic post. We hope you had an amazing evening. DaniH
Customer: Night Joel Agent: Good night Becky
Customer: is too late to preorder the iphone x through if I have the JUMP Program Agent: it is not too late at all! Please message us so we can help with that. JohnWard
Customer: What is this .... I have an important business meeting tomorrow. I need to get back home Agent: we are sorry to hear about the cancellation. Have you been rebooked already?
Customer: my offers have all but disappeared, including many w/end of year eiration dates that I had previously added to my card Agent: Hi Lizzy. For immediate assistance, please call our Digital Assist Team at <number>, . Thank you.
Customer: Sure Halloweekend is over but thanks to , the fun continues for 3. Dig those costumes out of the laundry basket! Agent: The fun does not stop until 10 p.m. tonight! Becky
Customer: Just so know, orange donuts were a TERRIBLE idea. Agent: Hi there, sorry to hear this I will be sure to pass on your feedback Kirsty
Customer: Hello, I would like to add tracking info to my invoice but the Add tracking info link always lead to blank page. Please help. Agent: I have just responded to your DM, please check your inbox at your earliest convenience. Thank you for your patience!
Customer: I am aware. Fits in overhead.This was a return trip. Had same luggage going. This was presecurity. Gate chck, ok, but Empty overheads on flt Agent: we would like to share this feedback. Please message your record locator.
Customer: Hmmm. How do I add points to my RR when a reservation was not made by me? I do hope they can be tacked on! Agent: Thanks for reaching. You can add your Rapid Rewards number here We cannot wait to welcome you onboard.
Customer: I was incredibly disappointed with my customer service call w after my order was 2x delayed and lost. Agent: I am sorry for the bad eerience! What options did we offer on the phone?
Customer: I wish had a loyalty program. I would get free food all the time!! imthinkingarbys Agent: We will share your request with our team for the future.
Customer: Can you please contact email and can give you further details please Agent: Hi Stephen. For security please remove the email address from the public feed. We’re unable to contact passengers by email.
Customer: thinking about upgrading my wife’s iPhone 6. What is your best offer? Agent: Hey! We would need to see what offers are available to you. Send us a message so we can further assist you.
Customer: hi I want to change my phone number but I can’t do it Agent: We’re here to help! Send us a note via and we will be in touch.
Customer: it is cool, did not really wana watch the world series anyway... Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your cable concerns and I am happy to help! Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: will you be operating on thanksgiving? Agent: Hi Bryan, Thanks so much for contacting today. Please message us and we will reach out to you right away. Thanks DoorDash
Customer: So I’ve been informed. Checking the plane for flyability once everyone’s on board? Again, good riddance. Agent: I am very sorry for the inconvenience. Andre
Customer: So, as you can see something is clearly up. I actually found out I’m paying for up to 300mbps download and I’ve not even hit over 100 yet. Agent: one that is at least one that is a CAT5e or CAT6. Anything less would not be able to go faster than 100. Brian
Customer: I just did thanks Agent: Our team has recently responded via email. Please reply there if you have additional questions!
Customer: Done but disappointed this post has been running since 2012 and nothing has been done about it. GiveListenersTheChoice Agent: 2 Rest assured we will pass your feedback on to the right folks. Let us know if there is anything else we can help with /
Customer: , I forgot to select gender while booking tickets. It was assigned as Mr instead of Ms. Can you help how to change this. Agent: Sure, Chaithanya. Kindly message us the booking number. We will get it checked and advise accordingly. ThanksSha
Customer: Yayz 11.1 and just 2 English and emoji Agent: Thank you! Is this issue only occurring in messages or in other applications as well? Send us a message to let us know.
Customer: wow when you want to watch the world series and decides to have an outage!!!! Agent: and send us a Direct Message with your account information so that I can see what is going on. –
Customer: Me I am not dressing up for Halloween. I am not even getting out of this bed Homie 3 burrito at if You come in costume Me Agent: I like your style. Becky
Customer: it is as my bag had also safely touchdown at the airport. But in future, is such things happened, what should I do? In case of lost bag Agent: As the team will not accept baggage that is not properly tagged. Thank you and have a great day Ed
Customer: So cool receiving a free drink today. Happy Halloween Laughing Out Loud Agent: Like all good ghosts, we love free boos! See you again soon.
Customer: It was corrected about 950pm. And only . Agent: Glad to hear it was corrected. Did this ever happen to your service before?Sean
Customer: hey I was just wondering about the status of my last of us part II shirt order from PlayStation gear store, it’s been awhile Agent: Hi Cutler, There is no information to share at the moment, stay tuned to our Blog for updates here
Customer: mobileCare you m having issues with my service Agent: I see that you have recently posted about your Comcast services, message your account so I can look into this amp speak privately. ~
Customer: it’s pretty sad you mess up my quesadilla not once not twice but three Times and now I’m left with not melted cheese and lettuce Agent: This is not okay. message us.
Customer: Fuck your programs Especially Agent: Would you mind providing more details about the issue? we would certainly follow up. Raj
Customer: got his boorito Agent: Success! Becky
Customer: Can you unlock my debit card so I can take cash out? CS told me I had to wait until midnight for my card to unlock. Agent: Please use link below to send your full name/ZIP/phone/account type and we’ll follow up with you. mm
Customer: upgrade your voicemail to let me stop blocked numbers from leaving voicemails Agent: Please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you.
Customer: reached third tier. Closing in on inner circle Agent: Congrats, Paula. you are so close cannot wait to greet you at the finish line!
Customer: before he finally delivered my food, cold, of course, ffs Agent: we are so sorry for the trouble. Send us a note via so we can assist.
Customer: Everytime i turn around i Wells Fargo taking money out my account, I’m bout to stop turning around‼️ Agent: What happened? I can look into your concern and try to help.
Customer: Thank God for ! Never again will I or any of my family bank with worst bank wellsfargo worstbank Agent: Hi Datari, We value your feedback amp always continue to elore ways to improve our customer eerience. Thank you. cr
Customer: I bought it and downloaded Hulu and it says cant find your account Agent: Sorry for the delay! If you have further questions about your account, please contact us here
Customer: The queso from is surprisingly not good ☹️ Agent: My apologies you are not a fan, and we are still working to perfect our recipe. Becky
Customer: booked us into when it’s closed wish I’d used disappointed noholiday Agent: we are so sorry to hear this, Tracey. Have you managed to speak to our BA Holidays team? Jane
Customer: Do you know how long the wait time is? Agent: You can perfrom another factory reset. Just hold it down for about 15 seconds and allow the router a couple mins to reboot.
Customer: Wow. Talk about price gouging. Agent: Sorry for any frustration. For full pricing details, please see we will share the feedback.
Customer: Are online IDs permanent? Agent: Hi There! Please check the following link for further information
Customer: Hi. This is where I am stuck. When will you initiate the pick up? Agent: Sorry for the delay in pickup. Kindly contact us here and we will get the pick up done.
Customer: please help us Laugh My A.. Off Agent: Your keyboard is important and we would like to help get it working right. When did this start and which device model is it?
Customer: I am having trouble signing in. I tried to reset my password via text to my phone but I did not receive any text. Any help? Agent: Hi, Yuyut. On what account or device are you trying to sign in?
Customer: Just know when or promises a free it’s a lie. Over 10 calls a month to get the charge removed. CUSTOMERSERVICEFAIL Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your billing concerns and I would be happy to help! Can you message the full address? ~
Customer: This is one reason why rocks. Agent: Thanks, Aaron! you are the real rockstar!
Customer: 2 and yet it will log me in regardless via iOS and website. What kind of lax security are you running? Agent: sure to submit your feedback.
Customer: is there a reason that even with a new router and an upgrade on internet speed that our wireless is still awful. Agent: Hello. We can help. What speeds are you currently getting? Allan
Customer: . my cable amp internet are out amp these guys are getting paid double time to fix the problem but they AREN’T DOING ANYTHING Agent: Since techs are onsite the problem will be corrected as soon as possible. What city are you in? Colleen
Customer: why is it that NBC NEVER works? Getting the SAME error code XRE <number> Agent: Hello, this does not sound good. Can you message the account name and complete service address? We would like to help. Dan
Customer: hi just for a ride and it seemed to think I wanted to go to my original location. I canceled trip but want to see about being credited Agent: Here to help! Send us a note via so our team can assist.
Customer: DMd Agent: Oh no! I am really sorry to hear about this, I have went ahead and credited the cost of the item back to your DoorDash account.
Customer: Hey when were you planning to inform me you were taking almost 60 of my ride?!? When did you buy my car ?!? Time to BoycottUber Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: went to chipotle to get 3 bowls and got charged regular price even though my sis was wearing a costume right next to me ?? Agent: Were you in a costume, as well? Becky
Customer: अगर आप नोकिया 6 mobile को समय पर नही पहुंचा पाते हैं customer को तो क्यों आप नोकिया का फ़ोन बेचते है Agent: and we will look into this for you.
Customer: Look what did to my bag. Agent: We always want to take care of your bags. we are you able to file a claim with our Baggage team?
Customer: I was on flight 2222 LAX to ATL at 645am I am trying to forward a message to one of the FAs, are you able to assist? Agent: Hey there, unfortunately, we are not able to assist with this request.
Customer: your rep in Kansas is clueless.Told me to buy a new modem I AM WITH OUT SERVICE BC OF THE STORM 2 days ago. Its not the modem. Agent: Hello, this does not sound good. Can you message the account name and complete service address? We would like to help. Dan
Customer: today dont works the sms code for registration new account? Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: How can I get a refund for food that I do not like? Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: I am still waiting Agent: Hi Lara, we cannot see the option to follow you, have you ever provided details for the funds you are waiting for?
Customer: 80 minutes for my delivery?! , you could have told me that on the front end of this... BEFORE you took my money. Agent: we are so sorry your order is late, Kris! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thank you!
Customer: Sorry to bother you again . Are they direct flights? Agent: Yes
Customer: I mesaged you! Agent: Thank you for following up. A member of our team will be in touch shortly through .
Customer: Why does the o2 Priority app want to read the contents of USB storage? Agent: Hi Jack, can you please send us a screen shot of where it shows this and we will take a look?
Customer: also my company credits disappeared overnight. Agent: Hi, there. we are sorry to hear this. Can you send us a message with your phone number so we can help?
Customer: We are good! Just memorizing the new channels! Agent: Awesome. Thank you for being the best part of Comcast! We are here to assist you with any issues you may have. Have a good evening.
Customer: shouldnt we be able to preload CODWWII at the time being? But how Agent: Hi there! Enable the automatic downloads for the content to download as soon as it becomes available
Customer: please read my message for i need to get up and running as fast a possible. Thank you Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here and our team will be able to assist!
Customer: hey, I have pre ordered ww2 on the Xbox store, how will I receive my cod ww2 2 and weapon unlock?? Agent: Hey there, if you pre purchased the game via console store you should be good to go for launch.
Customer: Still no response frm abt y we have 2 book 4 2 nights! that is NOT eress. Hunstville Muskoka TravelOntario Agent: Sorry to hear about this. Please follow up with us via message with the details to talk this through. Kind Regards ab
Customer: Stood in a cold, cold line forever just for a 3 Boorito. WorthIt Thanks !! Agent: Thanks for braving the line! Jen
Customer: I get monthly spam calls from so I am gunna advert for them here. Great choice if you are lonely and want regular interactions! Agent: Our apologies. Please follow and message with your full name and phone number so we can look into this. Thank you.
Customer: i sent a message Agent: We received and have responded to your DM. Thanks.
Customer: how long does it take usually for account recovery to get back to you? It’s been about a week now. Agent: Having access to your Apple ID is important. Did you receive an email with a confirmation of your request? message us here
Customer: can you follow me back so I can private message you Agent: Hi Teresa, we are now following you so please feel free to send us a message now.Jo
Customer: Webb City, MO. it is cool. I will be back. Tacobell is life Agent: Thanks, Elizabeth.
Customer: when dresses you up as for 3 BOORITOS from ! didnt get costume discount, but I regret nothing Agent: You did not get it? I am so sorry. I dig the costume. Becky
Customer: Why do I keep getting these stupid alerts from during the WS? Just worry about making my stuff work rather than try to sell me. Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your concerns and I am happy to help! Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: Imagine getting half way through your shopping to find this I better not loose my slot. 1stworldproblems Agent: Oh no! I am so sorry Rach Were you able to checkout okay after or would you like further assistance please? Christie
Customer: Best part of my Halloween? Free drinks on all my flights for the holidayIt’s spooktacular. Agent: We love to give out free boos so much, we are basically ghosts! Happy HalloWN and bottoms up!
Customer: Kann ich dann wenigstens mein AmazonKonto aufladen um zu bezahlen. Ich habe keine Kreditkarte und möchte auch keine Agent: Du hast die Möglichkeit, Amazon.de Geschenkkarten aus dem stationären Handel für deine Bestellungen einzulösen. Gruß
Customer: STOP SENDING ME DRIVERS SAYING THEIR 5 MINUTES AWAY WHEN they are REALLY 20 I HAVE PLACES TO BE! Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: I have bought a product and now it is size is not matching I want to return it and also requested return process. Agent: You may refer here for details on refund for return shipping charges. Hope this helps!
Customer: Please, , fix the keyboard bug that changes letter “I️” to other characters Agent: we would love to help! Which version of iOS are you using? Which keyboards do you have installed?
Customer: Hey , é possível sincronizar minha conta do para ler no Kindle? Agent: Olá, Tiago. Atualmente essa opção não está disponível. Qualquer novidade será anunciada no nosso site e redes sociais.
Customer: In response to your packing video, this packaging was for a 2ft washing line pole Agent: Thanks for bringing this to our attention! Please also leave packing feedback here so we may improve.
Customer: UR team messed up again Laughing Out Loud Agent: Here to help! Please send us a message with your email address with details so we can follow up.
Customer: Used grocerypickup and it is a pretty neat service! Agent: Yay! we are thrilled to hear you have enjoyed your eerience, Randi. Sabi
Customer: When you dress up to go to and they turn you away at 940 Agent: That should not happen – my apologies. Which location did you visit? I would like to follow up. Becky
Customer: after the new apple updates the battery life is really go fast and the WiFi is always on! newappleupdates Agent: we would love to help. let us work on this together in DM. Start by letting us know what kind of device you are using.
Customer: Over 90 minutes with no response to missing items with my eats delivery. Do you even have support? I feel like the name lies Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: Really considering getting a new kind of phone since my iPhone dies with 90 while using my camera Agent: We want to help! What model of iOS device are you using? Do you have the most recent version of iOS 11.1 downloaded?
Customer: Since I signed up with you....Since day 1 Agent: We understand your concerns and we would like for you to please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you.
Customer: Wine hour ink48 candy corn??! Agent: Yeah, we know it is a bit corny, gem, but we are just trying to be sweet. Hope you are having a great time!
Customer: hi why are the trains from Manchester Piccadilly to York delayed?? Agent: Hi. I can see one train 21 mins late but I currently have no delay info for this service I am afraid.
Customer: hello, curious when the outage is eected to be resolved for the <number> area code Agent: Hi Kellen, please message us your full name and street address so I can check your area. Mary
Customer: Problem has been consistently happening for about a month Agent: Do you know where your ONT is located? The backup battery system address.
Customer: iOS 11 is draining the battery on my iPhone 7 twice as fast as iOS 10. Help! Agent: we would like to gather some more information for better troubleshooting. Can you message us the country you are located in?
Customer: Lutherville, MD! Agent: I will follow up with our team. Jen
Customer: Did You release an update today for Lightroom Classic CC? Agent: Hi there, Lightroom 7.0.1 update was launched recently, please update the app to the latest version.
Customer: it is too late. I have ascended into darkness. Agent: I am so sorry about that. I am confident we will include it next time. Becky
Customer: is the internet down in Central Scottsdale? Agent: Hi. Please be sure to log in, to get the information specific to your part of town Erica
Customer: Thanks for ruining Halloween still no sign of the costume I ordered in Sept. Guess Rosie will just have to sit this one out. Agent: Not what we like to hear at all, Ramya! Was this shipped by us or a seller? You can check here
Customer: also, beim Addams FamilyFilm in Prime sind Bild und Ton nicht wirklich synchron. Wie kommts? Agent: Hi, wir erhalten die Filme/Serien so vom jeweiligen Studio. Gebe ich aber direkt als Feedback dorthin weiter. Gruß
Customer: once again you are being slow Agent: let us dig deeper! Please message so we can find out what is happening there. JohnWard
Customer: Thanks I Answered my own question Agent: Have a good rest of your night
Customer: bought airtime 50 but it fell in water and after drying it up and but it spoiled. Serial no5creditcard.kindly help Agent: Hey Judy, we would love to help. Kindly message the number you had intended to top up.
Customer: When HarryPotter checks you in for work flights don’t seem so bad HappyHallowen Agent: That is truly magical, Mandy! Maybe we should rename ourselves Quidditch Airways? Lolly
Customer: Hey hey hey! ⚾️ WorldSeries Agent: that is probably the best way to watch the WorldSeries in our Club. Cheers
Customer: i think it will be a good idea to have spinach as a topping because spinach is one of the best toppings. just saying Agent: Thank you for your suggestion! We will forward this for review.
Customer: I wish I was getting a boorito rn , pls bring a chipotle to Oneonta I’m going through WITHDRAWAL Agent: Hopefully we will get there at some point down the line. Becky
Customer: Regranned from dean.stantin Coast —gt Coast ⛰ b737900er boeing row25lyfe… Agent: Have a great flight! Maeghan
Customer: Thanks for solving my issue . But after 8 day it is really long time you took to solve . But thanks Agent: Thanks for keeping us posted. I will pass along your comments to our team and we will work on this.
Customer: I need login help Agent: let us look into that! Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: I do not want to continue with You thanks for ur service Agent: We are sorry to see you go. message us your contact number and elaborate on your concern so we will surely address it. Rgds,Pradnya
Customer: it is okay...i got a £20 voucher / appology Agent: that is good to hear, Kevin. Thanks for your understanding, I do hope we can welcome you back on board soon. Many thanks. Lisa.
Customer: when will you add MASH and other titles as promised by end of summer? Agent: Sorry! We do not have a timeline to share, but we will eress your interest. Stay tuned to for updates.
Customer: I specifically turned off auto renew. Why the hell did you feel the need to change it? This is shady as hell. Agent: be transparent about the fix. You can still turn it back on. Heather
Customer: does BOORITO apply to bowls for us GFers? Agent: it is good for any main menu item – you do not have to order a burrito! Becky
Customer: why don’t your marketing emails have an unsubscribe link? Agent: Hello, there should be a link at the bottom of the emails. Please message and we can discuss further. Thank you. ~
Customer: Hey can conceirge get tickets to the 2020 Olympic games? Agent: Hi there, great question? Which U.S. based card do you have? Pls do not share any personal info.
Customer: Okay....what information do you need to be able to help then??? Agent: Hi, is the book listed as sold or fulfilled by Amazon? If so, please get in touch with us via the link GM provided.
Customer: Yes i have received reference number Agent: Please share your detail here and I will be glad to help you with an update about the refund.
Customer: Tonight I went to and got a 3 burrito from . This is the best Halloween I’ve had in years. Agent: That is pretty epic. How will you ever top it next year? Jen
Customer: Thats the thing I told customer service. I created a new email address for the Prime trial and forgot it. What can I do so I am not charged? Agent: Hey Corey! Even on the new account you made you can turn of the auto renew through the same link SK posted for you.
Customer: hi. I’m in Indonesia and I want to use my CC and for some reason the intl number isn’t working. Can I set up the alert thru u? Agent: Hello. We would advise you to submit your travel alert using the link
Customer: card declnd out of state, calling ph past few hours amp states no acct info found amp hangs up! This is unacceptable, what is going on? Agent: Hi Fazal. we would like to see if we can help. Please click here to send account type amp country opened in no accts/PINs. TY!
Customer: ’s service is my bill is wayyy too much to never have service Agent: Hi! We would like to look into this. Please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you.
Customer: how am I able to preload cod ww2?? Agent: Hi there! The preload is eected to be available on November 2nd. More info here
Customer: started before downloading 11.1 was never able to download 11.0.3. has not gotten better since update Agent: let us continue within message here
Customer: How many times will the pickup be rescheduled? Agent: Please do not provide your order details, we consider it personal information. Our Twitter page is visible to public. AK
Customer: That page is useless doesn’t allow me to state it hasn’t been delivered only tells me it has! How can you sort this out? Agent: You can also request a call back here Martin
Customer: Game7 tomorrow and my iPhoneX arrives on Friday! Thanks and ! HR4HR Agent: Yay! Love the enthusiasm! Woohooo! it is a GREAT week! SarahPearson
Customer: Seems like my problem has been resolved, the technicians you sent to the house were very capable and surpassed eectations Agent: Okay great! If you have any further concerns please reach out to us. Xavier
Customer: I need the software update urgently. The battery lasts literally half a day Agent: Hi there! What type of device are we working with?
Customer: IOS 11 has been a nightmare since I downloaded it. Battery SOC is all over the board and slower than ever before Agent: That should not be happening. we would be happy to help. Which iOS version are you currently using? You can check in Settings gt General gt About.
Customer: Disgraceful , flew Club Europe got crushed knees. Flew Tui loads of room. Not wasting money with again Agent: We do not like to hear this, Julian. Our seat pitch is comparable to other airlines. Helen
Customer: Hey your app has had a “loading error” for the two weeks, thought I’d let you know I’ve been paying for aggravation rather than tv Agent: Oh no! Does the error pop up at app launch or playback? What device is in use? For now, please try
Customer: HappyHalloween2017 Agent: Happy Halloween Chris!
Customer: . glad my burrito was wrapped for safekeeping Agent: that is not good. Which location did you visit? I would like to follow up. Becky
Customer: Celebrated Halloween on a flight with my pumpkin spice and a delicious free O… Agent: Happy HalloWN! Bottoms up, Risa!
Customer: I am trying to buy the digital deluxe edition on the ps store but I keep receiving an error message Agent: Hello there. Sorry for the late response. I am just checking if you still in need assistance. Please let me know.
Customer: WTH! ! Why in Riverdale Utah is your store manager asking people to pull forward 1030 am amp there is no one in the drive thru? Agent: We apologize. We will address with the restaurant.
Customer: the app is killing phone battery fixing this problem? How is this okay. I guess you are getting the money without any complaints Agent: Hey! What device, operating system, and Spotify version are you using? we will see what we can suggest /
Customer: Hey ! I got food poisoning from your inflight meal on Sunday. Just a heads up in case you want to look in to that. Agent: Oh my, please message your record locator and include your email amp mailing address. Lastly, provide as many details as possible.
Customer: Windows 10 update this morning, and now my second monitor looks like this. Already restarted and updated graphics driver. Agent: Hello, Domenico. Let us know on how we can improve our support here Thank you.
Customer: So awesome when the rep states that a department is open transfers me and the department is closed Agent: Apologies for the frustrations. Were you able to get the support you needed? Tell me if I can be of further assistance.
Customer: Worse part, customer support thought it was coming today too, which I reached out at 430 pm Agent: I am sorry for the inconvenience. When you reached out to us, what options or insight did we provide?
Customer: This form also has a tab which asks for the email address associated with my Amazon account but there is NONE. How do I fill in that? Urghh Agent: select More order issues gt choose from chat/phone/email we will be glad to help.
Customer: I am planning to port my number. Any offers from both of you? Agent: We would love to have you in Idea family. Please message your number, pincode, preffered connection. Regards, Mahindra
Customer: ty Agent: you are welcome.
Customer: Order no <number> Return reference <number> Article name puma shoes Agent: number. Also, please do not provide order details, we consider it to be personal info. Our page is visible to the public.2/2SF
Customer: . I didn’t get my points from my last flights, who should I contact about that? Agent: Oh no! You can add your flights here, Rachel
Customer: is driving me through the wall with how the way my pending order is NOT going Agent: When you check your order online, what message are you getting?
Customer: 110.97 download 19.26 upload 24 latency Those are my WiFi speeds. I think they are more than adequate Agent: Definitely more than adequate! What device are you using to stream? Do you come across any error messages?
Customer: Went to for a 3 boorito in my nursing student scrubs because realizing I’ll be a real nurse soon is real scary Agent: Indeed! you will be great. Thanks for stopping by. Jen
Customer: I got dressed in my costume JUST to get a burrito Laughing Out Loud Agent: I like where your heads at. Becky
Customer: azTechHelp Agent: Are you still seeing this issue? Let us know. we are here to help.
Customer: If ur homie does not call You to make sure You did not miss out on 3 Halloween special then You need new homies Agent: Agreed. Becky
Customer: Seriously!!! Ur customer service already told me cancel d order .. Amazon cannot do anything to it..n till now it is showing eected on 25th Agent: I would like to help. Please write to us here and I will reach out to you.
Customer: no internet service since . 2 days straight Cust. Service gave estimated restoration times, now they say they just don’t know Agent: Hello, I can help. Let me take a look into this for you. Please message your full name and address. Karen
Customer: Here is proof!! Do not go to unless you plan on waiting at least 20 mins for way over priced food Agent: Sorry to hear that, Tiffany. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will address.
Customer: My screen is lagging, my apps are all glitching, your new screen updates are slowing my processsing speed down. Y’all are killin me fr yo Agent: Is this happening only with certain applications? Meet up with us in a DM, we will continue there.
Customer: your Pool analytics are pathetic. Poorproduct Agent: we will be happy to take a closer look. Send us a note via so our team can connect.
Customer: I’ll just have to take advantage of the glorious dream each Halloween Agent: I have the utmost faith in you. Becky
Customer: Still I did not received any update from your end. I have to book order today Agent: You must have received a response here Please let us know if you do not see the email here.
Customer: saves the day again. Thank you for all the awesome help! Agent: you are welcome! We are always here for you , and only a tweet away MichaelPhillips
Customer: I wish I was in Canada so I could have my 3 burrito at Agent: I wish for that, too. I am sad you are not here, my friend. Becky
Customer: thanks for letting us be 10! Agent: We aim to please, Alex! Your love means the world to us, and we cannot wait to share the skies with you again soon!
Customer: I need you idiots to stop sending me to collections. YOU owed ME money. I owe you nothing. Get your shit together. Agent: I can look into that for you. Can you please send me your account or phone number directly in a private message?
Customer: bought a new PS4 and cannot activate it no matter why I try to do Agent: Sorry for the inconvenience. Do you see any kind of error message or error code?
Customer: Best customer service! Such a relief after years of dealing with . In fact, booking another flight with you right now!! Agent: I see a great friendship in our future! Happy Halloween Sean
Customer: how long is outage for maintenance going to last in Houston? Trying to celebrate WorldSeries Agent: Hello, Tom, I apologize for the delayed reply. Are you still having issues with your services at this time?
Customer: i have tried everything! Once again,its a Fitestick!no issues with or now i am locked out of 9th inningpuke Agent: That definitely looks frustrating. If youd like us to take another look, please contact us here
Customer: Hi. I cannot log on to my premium account. Are there any problems at your end? Agent: Hey there! Could you send us a message with your accounts email address? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: what type of product are you selling, we could have died.product was in use and then a blast Order no <number> Agent: Please do not provide your order details as we consider it personal information. Our twitter page is visible to public.
Customer: What is the bag size restrictions LxWxH for imcabin? Agent: You should find the information you need here DaniH
Customer: I have an order that was supposed to be here on the 25th which has not arrived yet. Agent: What does the current tracking indicate? Also, who does the tracking indicate as carrier?
Customer: you ok? This was in your pennies Agent: Hi, Julieta. I would like to review your concern. Please tell me more about what happened no account number.
Customer: in kent ohio Agent: Thanks. We will address with the restaurant.
Customer: aye.. i found a fingernail clipping in my burrito ... I am good on you all Agent: that is very concerning. Please tell us more so we can investigate Becky
Customer: BOO at Chopotle who forgot to include my delicious vinaigrette dressing in my bag before I left… Agent: Sad day! I am so sorry. Are you able to to go back and grab it? Becky
Customer: why has my sister been charged for her iPhone X and her has shipped, but my 2 Xs still havent been charged or shipped... Agent: let us take a closer look at your order Ricky. message us KananiB
Customer: This “I️” shit annoying yo fix this shit Agent: we are here to help. Send us a message with the iOS version number you are on. we will follow up there.
Customer: Well done, guys. Agent: Sorry about that. We’d love to have all of their stuff available, but we have some info about content here /
Customer: Highly disappointed that I wasn’t able to enjoy a 3 burrito from tragic Agent: Oh no! Why not? Becky
Customer: Why can’t I order online? Agent: it is shut off tonight for our annual Boorito promotion, but it will be turned back on tomorrow. Becky
Customer: Every time I watch a live broadcast or video it skips or repeats a few seconds since updating Agent: we would like to learn more about what is happening. What model amp iOS version are you working with? Tell us in DM, please.
Customer: hey my i on my keyboard is not working and i just updated my phone to the latest Agent: Thank you for reaching out. May we ask which apps you are seeing the keyboard issue with?
Customer: Thanks to the gate agent at D7 at for being so kind. This airport is great! Get why it’s voted tops so often. Agent: Hi Jamie! Thanks for the awesome compliment for our PDX staff member. Happy travels.
Customer: It does not say. It shows it has not shipped yet. Agent: Did we ask you to wait a certain date before we could offer alternative options?
Customer: I got my phone yesterday and it’s already not charging thanks Agent: We want to make sure you can charge and enjoy your new phone. Is it not showing as connected to power when plugged in?
Customer: Grab your own row, folks we have got a half an empty plane. Perks of flying on Halloween. Also it is stupid cheap... thanks Agent: Winning! Thanks for flying with us, Rob. Enjoy your free drink, too!
Customer: Hey Saw KotOR available for download on Marketplace on my Xbox 360, 3.8GB. 9.99 and it is Corrupt Any fix? Many w/ issue Agent: redownload. This can also mean that your connection is weak and eeriencing packet loss. 2
Customer: Okay. Agent: we have received your message and will continue there.
Customer: I already message you all about 30 mins ago, check it out it is long and detailed. Agent: we are currently reviewing your email and will be in touch shortly. We appreciate your patience!
Customer: I just dial d code again, it says I dnt have access to this service. What is this now glory ahh show me did bonus now wht is with ur nework Agent: Morning Smart, the line is on Jumbo and the bonus has been credited. Please dial the code <number> to check again.
Customer: Second day in a row staying home to wait for a package from only to be met with a slip saying I was not home Agent: Please message your tracking number. I will be glad to take a deeper look into this matter for you.
Customer: called your customer service. Was a waste of time, did not help Agent: My apologies for any frustration. Is there anything I may be able to help with? .
Customer: The order was not completed because there was an issue regarding my address not showing up in the system which multiple people could not fix Agent: Please click the link below so we can access your information.
Customer: awesome job by Indy employees who tracked down our bag after another pass. took it home. Made a bad situation bearable. love Agent: we are so happy our IND Agents were there to help. Thanks for hanging in there with us!
Customer: I am encountering problems when withdrawing money from my paypal account to the bank . My PayPal email. Assist Agent: I am sorry to hear about this trouble you are having with this payment. Please send me a message and I can help you further.
Customer: Es nervt das ich mich seit neusten beinahe täglich auf. Fire tv stick neu einloggen muss Agent: Oje! Melde dich doch gleich mal hier und lass meine Kollegen prüfen, was da los sein könnte. Gruß
Customer: I need to talk to someone As Soon As Possible Agent: Hey there, Willie! Your wish is our command! Please send us a DM! CherneilRandolph
Customer: on , my bank statement shows I was charged 23 for a trip that does not show up in the uber app and that I didn’t take. Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: You have and it’s been pushed again to Friday or possibly Saturday or god forbid Monday. Was told it would be diverted by m tonight. Agent: Please let us know if does not arrive by Friday! we would like to help!
Customer: ok Thank You Agent: No worries. If you have other questions, just give us a shout /
Customer: The app is still there. But no longer able to control it from the lockscreen. Agent: Just to confirm, this is only happening with Spotify, correct?
Customer: It’s not allowing me to update it to register my new amazon account. I read I’d have to do so manually. Thank You 4 response. Agent: No problem! You may need to deregister the Kindle from the old account. You can see how here
Customer: how long will it take for a show that I’m recording to show up in my Agent: Hi David. With most content, you should see the recording available right after it airs. There can, however, be a delay.
Customer: How is possible that has better/newer movies that ? Agent: We have our ways Sean
Customer: what’s going on with my service ? Agent: Hi there, thanks for reaching out to us. Please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you. Sprint cares.
Customer: might be a good idea 2 have working intercoms on flights.Flight attendant literally sounds like adults talking on Charlie Brown Agent: We want to make sure communication is crystal clear. Please message your record locator so we can share your feedback.
Customer: Thanks for checking. Unfortunately, the issue is still not resolved. I reset the SSH configuration and restarted the VM as well Agent: Could you post this on and send us the link? we will have an engineer take a look.
Customer: I do not have it on me right now Agent: I can always search by phone number
Customer: Better one with the love symbol. Got to dress up at work. Thank you walmart Laughing Out Loud Agent: Impressive, the love symbol looks awesome! Did you draw that? Sabi
Customer: I like how i pay for unlimited for the fastest 4g service but after a certain amout of gigs used apparently it slows down cool. Agent: Go to for details about our network management practices.
Customer: Found out my partners line goes through thanks. Agent: Alright, you are welcome.
Customer: thanks for the companion pass! I’ll be sure to use it wisely..... Agent: Thank you for the loyalty, Nick. We look forward to welcoming you onboard again soon.
Customer: Smashed tacos, stale taco shells, and nothing written on my sauce packet Agent: This is not okay. message us.
Customer: must be the busiest account on twitter if only they could stop the fraud and this contact page is a joke Agent: If you need help or need to report anything to us, we’re happy to help here! Just message us the details!
Customer: I bought it I found it in WalMart for 14 I love it sooooo far Agent: Great book! Enjoy and become inspired. Danny
Customer: I love the sky lounge access. Thank you. Imagine if they had a dark or more dim room to relax. that is next level!! Agent: Enjoy, have a great week.
Customer: I contacted customer support by chatampwas told to wait for 72 hrs while investigating. This has happened to others for over a week though Agent: Have you heard back about the investigation, yet? Please let us know!
Customer: live photo keeps turning on in the camera even when it’s set to stay off. Please fix in next update. Agent: Hey, we can work together to figure out a solution. Send us a message and we will continue from there.
Customer: actually, can you text me please to my email, email Agent: We would need to speak with you via phone to further discuss your concerns. ct
Customer: Remedy amp please refund my 5, that is breakfast money tomorrow, thank you. Agent: Hi there, we are here to help! Send us a note via so our team can connect.
Customer: trying 2 watch the WS on my iPadwe have no power NE storm but it says I can only use my home WiFi. Is there a way to override? Agent: please try to download the Fox Now app and sign into your cox account to see if you can access it there Greg
Customer: My smart tv Agent: Sorry for the confusion. Smart TVs do not currently support Live TV. For supported devices, please see
Customer: Chicago. chicago alaskaair flyalaska sunset lakemichigan Agent: Great flights and views! MostWestCoast BetterTogether Tara
Customer: To the driver with this plate who, while backing up, scraped my car, then told me to F off and said “im Uber!” Leaving scene= bad idea Agent: Happy to further assist you. Can you please send us a message direct message with your email address and additional details?
Customer: Yo , your customer service reps are super nice— but I am going to start trippin if y’all don’t get my service going! Agent: Hello, My apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience. I’d be happy to look into this for you?
Customer: still have not received my package I paid extra for guaranteed next day. will not do that again Agent: I am sorry your order has not arrived! What is the delivery date shown in the confirmation email
Customer: hello are all the lines closed for tonight help Agent: what is going on? we are hapy to help if we can.
Customer: As a college student, seriously makes traveling 6x a year stress free. Agent: We love being your airline of choice, Hannah! Please message your Rapid Rewards for some extra love.
Customer: elain how I get overdraft charges when I had a positive balance?? Agent: I called and left a message with my contact info. Please let me know the best time to reach you. ag
Customer: hey if someone creates a second account so he/she can play worse people because they have a higher skill and don’t want to play those people is that considered cheating?? Agent: Hi there! If an account is not following the Code of Conduct here
Customer: Thanks ! Agent: we would rather give you treats than tricks, Sharon. Enjoy!
Customer: compre una tarjeta de 50, la metí y no se me acreditaron los 50, me sale que revise los términos. ¿Que hago? Agent: Lamentamos el inconveniente. Por favor siguenos en Twitter para brindarte asistencia por mensajes directos.
Customer: when do you guys charge for the Xbox one X I preordered? It ships the 6th. Agent: Thanks for reaching out to us! You will be charged for your order once it ships out.
Customer: I have been using the service for more than a year and never had any issues, the last week I have been charged for ur drivers mistakes. Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: phone, tv amp internet all down. Can you hear me? Agent: Good Morning! I am sorry for the frustration. Can you please follow/DM your account number as well as the full service address and I will be able to look into this further.
Customer: Shout to the in Thomaston GA, for actually having gospel music on sale. Bravo, and thanks. Agent: Woot Woot! Thanks for the shout out, Will. Sabi
Customer: UPS supposed to pick up a return package yesterday and bring return label... never showed. Agent: I am sorry your package was not picked up! When you have a moment, reach out to us here
Customer: . can you help me out? Having some connection issues on my route to/from work. message me, please! Agent: Can you follow this link and shoot me a DM? let us get you back up and running! VictoriaPollard
Customer: I tried adding the card to my PayPal and it said it was declined..just bought the card too. it is a prepaid Agent: Was your purchase more than what you have available on the Card?
Customer: I have consistently had bad service the past 3 or 4 visits. Pls Arbys you are my fave, you can do better than this Agent: Sorry to hear that, Sara. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will address.
Customer: BOORITO TIME! Agent: We look forward to seeing you! Becky
Customer: Managed a quick cuddle with our four legged passenger before his 56 flight from JNB to LHR. He was very comfortable ☺️ Agent: we are so jealous. We wish we could have got a cuddle too. Thanks for your post. DaniH
Customer: I think my family hates me! They made me get on Halloween! 3dollarburrito Agent: See I think that means your family loves you. Becky
Customer: Laughing Out Loud when charges you for queso an you dont even like queso Agent: That does not sound right. Please tell us more Becky
Customer: disgusted with your customer service. Agent: Hi there, I am so sorry to hear that. Is there something I can help with?
Customer: order was messed up. Got a 5 refund when I deserve my money back. Food tasted horrible. Agent: So sorry for the trouble! Please message us your account email so we can look into this.
Customer: what’s up with typing the letter I️ ... it wants to be an A and a box with a question mark Agent: we would like to help. We received your message and will continue there.
Customer: Rapidly losing faith in and their esl CS ability to solve problems. No resolutions or follow ups. Agent: Sorry for the poor eerience. Without giving any account information, could you tell us what is going on? we would love top help!
Customer: Had to make a pit stop for quick plane fix but they fed us pizza while we waited Thanks ! ineedmorewinethough Agent: Hello, Nicole. Glad we exceeded your eectations today.
Customer: I’m not getting your texts. Agent: We’re here to help, Travis! Send us a note via and we will be in touch.
Customer: my Inspiron 15 5000 series laptop battery dead after only 14 months. What? I bought a lemon. Not happy. Agent: reference please direct message the system service tag. How to locate the service tag VS
Customer: please slide into my DMs to hear about my shitty ass Taco Bell eerience. Never been so mad Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: Need to change my seat on LHRCPH for tomorrow but have an AA ticket. How can I do that? Agent: Hi Julie, if you have an AA ticket they will need to make any changes for you. Please contact them. Helen
Customer: How do I contact you on here Agent: we are following you now. You may send us a DM. Mary
Customer: Stop using bags in my delivery when I request No Bags!!! environment plasticwaste nobags Agent: Sorry Sasha, please can you message your full name, address, email address and order number? Ceri
Customer: Just installed Acrobat 2017 Classic and cant work out why Rotate PDF isn’t on the primary toolbar very upset and quite angry Agent: Please confirm the product from Adobe that you are using. Raj
Customer: Can’t believe used to be my favorite airline, it only takes one time to leave a bad taste in my mouth I am dissapointed Agent: we are sorry that this has been your eerience, is there some way we can help?
Customer: thanks for the new movies on Prime video. Something new to distract from pain during CRPS flare ups TheWitches Agent: We are happy that our new selections bring you some comfort. Stay strong Cassandra
Customer: Honestly trying to figure out the benefits of having Gold status with . cannot even get on a later flight... I am dissapointed Agent: Hi, Tina. Let us check on availability. What flight do you prefer?
Customer: Hi. Am I able to add different characters to this please? Agent: I am afraid not, Jenni, this set comes predetermined Mat
Customer: Okey. Thank you! Agent: Our pleasure. If you are still having issues after a back up and update, contact us back. we are happy to help.
Customer: My only plan on Halloween is to go to Agent: Sounds like plan enough to me. Gabe
Customer: what is going on with the no phone and no internet on the upper west side of Manhattan??? Agent: I apologize for the issues you are having with the services. Has this been addressed? If not, I will need the acc...
Customer: nice work letting your staff dress up for holoween!!! Love it! Agent: we are glad you are enjoying some of our AATeams great costumes. Their treat is getting to serve our best customers.
Customer: Impossible to get hold of staff. Was left 4 days on business trip without my bag, poor customer service. Agent: Please accept my apologies for your delayed bag and the service you received, Freddy. Have you now been reunited with your bag? Davina
Customer: Nothing like waiting at the airport for 3.5 hours because employees can’t do their jobs right and argue with their customers who are right. Agent: Hi Harley, I am sorry to hear about your delay. Can you message me your confirmation code? Tara
Customer: 3 burritos at with costume?? do not mind if I do! stuffed Agent: Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: extremely disappointed in your service at SFO. Gate agents are terribly and not helpful at all. goldmember Agent: Please follow and message your confirmation number.
Customer: Uber driver drove me to wrong location, makes me get out anyway and will not provide a proper refund Delete Fail Sup Agent: Happy to further assist you. Can you please send us a message with your email address and additional details so we can follow up?
Customer: My internet SUCKS!!!! And their is ALWAYS something wrong with my bill. Lol. it is crazy. I could have went to MetroPCS for this Agent: Hey King, Thank you for the feedback. We would like to solve this now. Please send us a DM. It will be our honor to assist you. Ange
Customer: how do I unget you, since clearly you don’t care about my internet not working Agent: Hello, Ben. i will be more than happy to assist you with your internet. Please send me a message and we can assist you.
Customer: Got my boorito frm , watching new , drinking my gin amp tonic Before I head to . Not a bad Halloween Agent: It does not get much better than that. Becky
Customer: That feeling when you find the perfect parking spot right. ✈️ Wouldn’t you agree a380 ?? Agent: We do agree, Laird. Parked to perfection. Have a great day. Julie
Customer: Because of the change my sky miles now says the flights were not eligible. Can this be sorted? Agent: Hi Jamie, One moment while I review your ticket. Please follow via DM.
Customer: i’m already registered as a driver, lower the age requirement or let me bypass the rule please Agent: Here to help! Contact us here so we can take a closer look.
Customer: i get error ws373384 when i try to log in? Agent: Sorry to hear that. You will receive an email with the details of the ban/suspension
Customer: Mossbluff Louisiana Agent: Thanks. we are on it.
Customer: just got kicked out of this guy’s car because he didn’t want to drive me home. Insult to injury, you charge me 7. uberfail Agent: We take this very seriously. Please send us a message with your email address so we can connect ASAP.
Customer: Can you stop sharing my bill amount with so they stop sending messages .. Agent: Request you to share screenshot of the messages from HDFC, so we will assist you further. Regards, Shruti
Customer: how can I watch the WorldSeries2017 game 7 tomorrow during my flight? My are headed to game 7 ampI my flight is at 730pm Agent: If it is on the web you can log in via gogo inflight and watch it. Andre
Customer: That seems to have fixed the problem. Thank you so much. Agent: Glad to know the issue is fixed. Feel free to contact us at anytime!
Customer: please make this stop!!! Agent: Let’s work together on this behavior. How long has this been happening? Also, which device are you using?
Customer: YALL GOT ME FUCKED Agent: we are sorry. Please message us what happened. Thanks for your time!
Customer: I am sufferer even after paying bills on 6th Oct while last date of payment is 20th Oct. Agent: Sorry you had to go through this. message us your contact nos and we will immediately look into it. Rgds,Neha
Customer: iOS 11.1 it’s been getting worse for a few months now Agent: Please meet with us in DM. we would like to gather some additional details from you.
Customer: Looking for the best deal on an S8, I8 or HTC U11. Longtime Verizon customer. Agent: you have come to the right place! Can you please message me via this link so we can talk? JonathanMacInnes
Customer: you suck! 9 hr flt w/o entertainment or wkg jacks. Staff rude. Free Wifi not with over 200 people! Time to shred the DSM card! Agent: We are really sorry to learn you feel this way.
Customer: thanks for the 3 boorito deal Agent: you are welcome – we appreciate you stopping by. Becky
Customer: Obvious PSA is evil. Thanks for tuning in! Agent: Hello, I am sorry to see that you fee this way and I am happy to help! Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: Super sad was out of white rice ☹️ Agent: I am so sorry about that! We should have been more prepared for crazy Boorito volume. Jen
Customer: Thanks Agent: you are welcome, feel free to contact us if you have further concerns.
Customer: I believe a power strip. Since I’m not sure what a ups is Agent: Ok. Please plug the modem directly up to the power outlet and see if that helps. Thanks. Allan
Customer: So much of the programming has changed on Prime. Blues Clues was free, now it is not. Still constantly having problems with my Fire Stick. Agent: What kind of problems are you having with your Fire Stick, Mildred?
Customer: But this does not show the music stored on my phone like it did in os3. I do not want to store music on my phone. Agent: We certainly want to take a closer look into this issue. Select the following link to join us in a message and we will go from there.
Customer: Help on my spotify card please Agent: Hey Eva! we have just sent you a DM. let us continue chatting there /
Customer: Outage in <number>? Modem dropped DS connection... Agent: I do apologize for the inconvenience and I will be happy to help. Can you message me your account number?
Customer: celebrating Halloween 2017 with Agent: there is no better way to celebrate. Becky
Customer: STOP USING THE They are a useless government entity. Agent: I am very sorry about this eerience, Robert. we would like to help! Could you tell us more details about what is going on?
Customer: had a problem with my food on uber eats tonight, called the restaurant, and they said they do not deal with it, has to be you? Agent: Happy to help, Lisa! Sign in and visit us at so our team can jump in and help out.
Customer: doinganything for a 3dollarburrito Indy STTCONV17 Agent: Ha! That legit just made me laugh out loud. Well played, my friends. Becky
Customer: mobileCare why is my tv out!!!!!! Agent: I see that you have recently posted about your Comcast services, message your account so I can look into this amp speak privately. ~
Customer: consider this your 1st reported error Agent: Please message us a picture of the error you are receiving.
Customer: no Diet Coke and a literal bone this Boorito was extra spooky! Agent: that is incredibly concerning. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: I found a spelling error Laughing Out Loud Agent: Thank you for your report, we will escalate it to the correct department.
Customer: I cannot sign into my account to get to the numbers. Agent: Try using this link This should allow you to bypass the sign in page and contact us so we can look into this for you.
Customer: I am coming for my boorito Agent: we are ready for ya! Becky
Customer: how many times can we rebook if the fare drops more than once? Agent: As many times as your Heart desires, TJ! we are happy to offer that flexibility.
Customer: I am new at this how do i DELETE and what is message Agent: 2 To send us a message or Direct Message privately, just click on this link we have attached on this tweet /
Customer: can i subscribe from india? Agent: SorryHulu is only available in the U.S. at this time, but we will share the interest in coming to India!
Customer: Damn the new emojis . Will my battery still go from 65 to 40 after one snap? Agent: we are happy to help. Are you eeriencing battery issues, when using certain app?
Customer: Me and my teapot had a pleasant flight with to MUC this evening. thank you Agent: Hi Colin, so pleased you and your teapot had a great flight with us. We hope we can welcome you both on board again soon.Jo
Customer: the hotline’s customer service is awful. Agent: I do apologize that you feel this way. If you need assistance please message us.
Customer: I want to go see to and leave they are liars Agent: What have you feeling this way? We would love to assist you.
Customer: No. Agent: we are very sorry you were let down, Kevin. Alex
Customer: Black ops 3 on Xbox one for me runs bad every game and every map I have stutter lag problems and it’s annoying Agent: Good evening, I am not seeing much connection issues occurring. Are you playing on a wired or wireless connection?
Customer: Um, I need a bit of help with an audio issue PremierePro to Facebook. Distorted once uploaded. might cry Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: I have serious issues with my eerience tonight at my Arbys who do I talk to? Agent: Jordan, please email our Guest Support team more details to email amp we will address.
Customer: I need assistance recovering 2 hotmail accounts. I have filled the recovery forms but am told am not providing enough info Agent: Help is here. To assist you in recovering your account we recommend that you contact our Answer desk team
Customer: Well ok but said it’s been dlvd so I can’t see how they will bother to deliver it now! I think they have washed their hands of it Agent: we are definitely here to help! Please reach out to us by phone here
Customer: The internet has gone out yet again , and I have been waiting on a call back from a manager and still have not received a call Agent: Jonathan, we are to help! Please message your full address and I can check the services for you. Thanks Karen
Customer: Kudos to the pilot that had the smoothest landing I’ve eerienced Agent: That’s fAAntastic to hear how smooth our pilot’s landing was. Please message your record locator and we’ll properly recognize our crew. AATeam
Customer: See you soon bb Agent: We cannot wait! Becky
Customer: Thanks for my 3 burrito bowl tonight! Agent: Creeeeepy. Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: Nope Agent: I am glad to hear that. Is there anything that I might assist you with at this time?
Customer: I have not Agent: Please run the tracert and post your results.
Customer: What is the response. I am yet to get a call from customer care Agent: Please respond to our email or request a call back through the same mail so we could reach out to you.
Customer: only tried with one game but I also can’t access netflix or my web browser.. my internet connection is working fine throughout the house Agent: Please power cycle your network devices and try again
Customer: Less a billing issue I updated the e date in acct, more ps was not able to renew. How do i make sure it stays current/not lose anything? Agent: Please check your DMs for more instructions.
Customer: Multiple calls to call amazon call center with zero resolution and never a promised call back. Agent: Can you tell us what insight / advice was provided with when you spoke with us last? we would like to help if we can.
Customer: do you still offer MOD discount? Agent: Hi Huw, yes we do, if you speak with a member of our contact centre team they will be able to assist you with this.
Customer: Seriously Taco Bell. The 2 of these I ordered are the sloppiest Mini Shredded chicken quesadilla I have ever seen in my life. Agent: Oh no. Where did you get this?
Customer: Nothing like waiting 30 minutes for getting home and realizing your order is completely wrong! Agent: that is too long. Where did this happen?
Customer: hey XBS. I bought Blood Bowl Legendary ed. a couple of days ago. It works fine but there is nothing in Manage Game. help? Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. Can you message us your gamertag and a description of the issue?
Customer: how do I recover my restrictions passcode Agent: Here to help! We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: Don’t know, router is downstairs. But it’s just the WiFi Nothing connected to Ethernet Agent: Is the light on top red?
Customer: do You think human cloning is real? I am sitting home and you tell me I rcvd a package and signed 4 it too. I didnt. Only elntn Agent: and we will look into this for you.
Customer: My package still doesn’t have a tracking number I ordered last week...and no updated email just says not shipped ... Agent: I am sorry for any inconvenience! Can you tell us when your order is due to arrive?
Customer: A number of homes in Barrington, RI still w/o TV and/or Internet. Do you think they problem will be fixed before Christmas? Agent: Hi. If there is information available regarding your particular outage it would be here Erica
Customer: Just deleted and reinstalled the app, but it doesn’t make any difference Agent: You did a great job going through those steps. message us here to contiue further
Customer: happy halloween Agent: Same to you!
Customer: are there any better DVRs? I just got service and the interface is from last century and I can only record two programs. Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. I will be glad to assist you. Can you message me your Name and acct or phone ?
Customer: A complaint about this was sent to 23 days ago. 8 reasons for bad service. No reply. Guess they no longer want our business. Agent: We apologize. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: looks like no tomato to me Agent: Thanks for letting us know. we are on it.
Customer: When you go to dressed as a soccer player and do not get 3 burritos Agent: That should not be happening. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: seriously to watch the World Series live and this is the BS I have been dealing with!! Agent: No issues to report on our end but we are here to help out. Have you tried What device is this on?
Customer: Is anyone else having trouble with the app not connecting? Agent: Hey there, Jared! What are you trying to do on the app?
Customer: can I get some service please? Need an issue resolved Agent: Help has arrived. What trouble are you having with your service?
Customer: My This Ones on Us seems to have dropped the discount off my bill. I did not change my plan. Can you all help out with this? Agent: We certainly can help! Send a message and let us get started! MikeVance
Customer: My brother had a delivery driver give his XBOX 1 S he ordered to one of my neighbors yesterday. Not it is gone. Agent: we would like to look into options. Please contact us by phone or chat here
Customer: how to stop these irritating ads Agent: Sorry for the trouble. Please dial <number> to stop flash messages. Rgds, Yogita
Customer: Waiting 20 minutes for quesadilla at is ridiculous. Agent: that is too long. Where did this happen?
Customer: Hey if you could hurry up with gigabit internet that had be great! I need more upload speed! Agent: Thank you for reaching out. I will forward this feedback for you.
Customer: Did the same..but dint get any response..n ur chat executive says we do not have any record of u.. Agent: We are right on it! we will get back to you soon.
Customer: How do I report a bug with the Groove mobile and Web apps? Agent: Hi, John! We want to know your eerience with us. Please rate our support by clicking this link
Customer: when you board a plane and they tell you to pick a whole row to yourself love Agent: Sounds like your Halloween is going well, Johnny! Send us a DM, and we will send a gift your way.
Customer: If I want to upgrade my tv package and my tv says it will cost 30 more per month, will I get charged for Oct. if I upgrade today? Or prorate Agent: Proration.
Customer: It was updated to later but that was also wrong Agent: Has the delivery date been updated on your tracking status? You can find that here
Customer: I had a horrifying eerience with the driver Suresh <number>. he refused to pickup and threaten me cancel the booking or else... Agent: We see your outreach and a member of our team will be following up via email as soon as possible. We appreciate your patience.
Customer: Good time for my cable to go out AGAIN. Nice job . Agent: address, and the phone number tied to the account so I can look into this cable issue.
Customer: ..Ksh 500 was sent to O789877782 on at 936pm by 254 716 <number> .... Agent: Hi, see DM.
Customer: Personal Platinum card. Agent: Thx.Pls contact us at the Customer Service number on the back of your Card so we can connect you with our Concierge.Thank you.
Customer: Thanks E, it is EMG9UU flying tomorrow from Agent: Thanks so much, please give booking ref RJV48Z a try on DLs website
Customer: Buying a 2nd hand car in QLD, Australia want to know whether its been used as an Uber, how can I tell? Thanks Agent: Happy to help! Please reach out to so we can get in touch.
Customer: Quand ton ne ressemble pas à celui que tu as réservé, amp quen dêtre sale et en soussol, tu te retrouves à 10 dans 1 logement ! Agent: Hi there, we would like to help. Please message us your accounts email and reservation code so we can further assist. Thank you.
Customer: Ain’t no chipotle like a 3 chipotle. love love love Agent: Best kind of Chipotle. Becky
Customer: Hi Postmates, who can I talk to in order to get back the 30.00 you stole from my friends and I? Thanks. Agent: We can help! Just message us the email address for your account.
Customer: Internet worked for about 2 days in a row, now back to not working and making me want to pull my teeth out. Unacceptable. Agent: Good morning David. If you would please message your account or phone number for me, I will be happy to look into this fir you.
Customer: I am so frustrated w/how things keep changing. Making it hard on POOR people!!! Free is not free anymore. Agent: I am so sorry to hear this! Without revealing any personal account information, will you provide us with more details?
Customer: Definite wireless. My Xbox is wired, and video constantly slows and has to cache. So I think that too Agent: Thank you and sorry to hear about the trouble. With no other active devices post your wired results from so we have a benchmark to work with.
Customer: the past week have been having very on/off bandwidth issues. <number> area code Agent: I apologize for the poor eerience you have had with us. If there is anything that I can help you with, please message me. Lexie
Customer: Hey wth does this mean? How can the iOS app on the phone be offline? AmazonEcho Agent: I am sorry about the error you are seeing! Please try uninstalling and reinstalling the app. Let us know how it goes.
Customer: how much is a ticket from SOU to London Zones 14. SWR Website will only give 16 but only need to go to 4 for Wembley Park Agent: Hi Phillip, which station is it you will be travelling to from Southampton Central?
Customer: Tried queso today...amp um.. I liked it. It didn’t mix well with the seasoning already on the chips,but in my bowl,it was good Agent: Glad to hear you enjoyed it! We hope to see you again soon. Jen
Customer: Seems like every time I fly w there is an issue. This time they lost my bag w no elanation.. Agent: we are so sorry to hear this. Did you file a baggage report with our Agents at the airport?
Customer: how big is ww2 on the PS4? Agent: it is about 4045 gigs depending on any preorder or deluxe content.
Customer: Just now, do not use Amazon much so did not know the process if you do not receive an item Agent: Please allow 48 hours for the seller to respond, Allen. Let us know how it works out and if we can help with anything else!
Customer: Again nothing bs no answers Agent: Hi Caesar, can you message your confirmation to the link provided? I will be glad to look into this for you.
Customer: can you remove the best offer facility from buy it now items?? I am selling items that I do not wish to offer ‘best offer’ Agent: This is to help sell your items. Be sure to set up Automatic Decline in your settings so you do not have to see low offers.
Customer: Glad they built that new Chase Bank on Mayfield Agent: we are just as excited as you are about our new branch! If you have any account questions, let us know.
Customer: No, when i was in hrow, they took the old tickets off me which had the ref. No Was told it would be on kuwait airlines monday anoon flight Agent: Which airline operated your last flight, Kevin? Lisa
Customer: Went to for 3 Booritos. Wholloween doctorwho Agent: We appreciate you stopping by! Becky
Customer: I asked for soft tacos with no sour cream I got hard tacos with sour cream Agent: Hello! Can you message your account email address?
Customer: I emailed on Mon 23rd October and I emailed email as per the website x Agent: Thanks Lissy. there is no UK in the email address, it is email Please do forward it on to that addressBM
Customer: costumer service is trash Agent: Please tell me what is going on and I will do my best to help.
Customer: No. The system my Logic App Connector targets uses Basic Auth. Agent: Could you post this on and send us the link? we will have an engineer take a look.
Customer: . Hi, whet can I find put the date an add on was added to my account? I did not add it but want to find out who did. Agent: The best way to check if you did not receive an email notice would be to contact us by phone/chat
Customer: Me I went to chipotle twice today My friend what did you get? Me diarrhea but really it was worth it Agent: This is concerning to hear. Please let our team know at the link Jen
Customer: Came home and ’s OnDemand has completely changed. Where’s all the tv OnDemand??? Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. I will be glad to assist you. Can you message me your Name and acct or phone ?
Customer: Hi trying to redeem tmobile tuesdays vudu code today and it will not show me the list of movies to be redeemed. need help Agent: you have reached RockStar John here at TMOBILE TFORCE!!! Here and ready to assist you!!! JohnO
Customer: any idea whats going on with Preston trains? Will they be running? Agent: This link will be updated with information throughout the disruption, please check here
Customer: How is it that my ISP somehow cannot run their own website? is serving up refresh loops instead of internet options. Agent: Hello Michael, I would be more than happy to assist you. Please send me a DM. Katie
Customer: Throwback to last night when our order name was “Plz add salad dressing” and they didn’t add salad dressing. Agent: I am sorry about that. Where did you visit? Jen
Customer: if I wanted to be an UberEATS driver could I be under someone else’s insurance policy to qualify? Agent: We’re here to help! Send us a note via and we will be in touch.
Customer: Why does my I️ not work ?! please fix this!!! Agent: we would like to look into this with you. Please message us your current iOS version and your iPhone model.
Customer: Fuck Wells Fargo Agent: I saw your tweet and you appear to be frustrated, Samira. Please tell me what happened to cause you to feel this way no account number.
Customer: thank you chipotle for the fantastic three dollar burrito tonight Agent: You sure are welcome. Thanks for dropping by! Jen
Customer: I THINK I LEFT A BAG IN AN UBER PLEAS EHELP Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can connect right away.
Customer: agreed thank you for another amazing dinner, Chipotle Agent: Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: fails to deliver quality service. Have dealt w/ them all day amp still no resolution. comcastdoesntcare ihatecomcast Agent: Hi Gina. I can help turn those troubles around. Send me a message with your full name, service address and phone number on the account.
Customer: Wow. just allowed someone to steal my phone number and told me they could not fix it unless they could call me on my phone number. Agent: Oh wow! that is no good at all! I appreciate you reaching out! Shoot me a DM, I am your savior! DannyHarvey
Customer: and . The gamertag Choptya continuously lag switches and dash boards games when he is losing. Ruining Oceania servers. Agent: Hey, please report this player ingame so we can investigate the account. Make sure your friends do so. Thanks for your help!
Customer: How can i deactivate the Built in Administrator? Agent: Hi! let us investigate this. Which version of Windows are you using? What do you mean by builtin administrator?
Customer: Today has been the shittiest day ever. My stomach hurts like shit after freaking chipotle and then my phone decides to say no sim. Agent: This is concerning to hear. Please reach out to our team at the link so we can look into it Jen
Customer: y’all just pissed me off and I’m highly disappointed with the customer service been with y’all over 16 years FIX THIS! Agent: Hey bro! Send me a DM, I got you 100 JeremyKelley
Customer: What is with the absolutely catastrophic service cox gives.Outages with server,email,streaming problems and denial.Terrible service Agent: Carole, I can help! Please message your full address. Karen
Customer: £380 1WAY flight from Ist to Lon. No food or even a cuppa tea. You should be competing with not . Agent: We certainly appreciate the feedback, Sinbad. we will make sure it is fed back to our Catering team. Lolly
Customer: I normally travel with my guitar on board but BA in OSL forced me to check my guitar...in its soft case. Be gentle! Agent: I am sure we will take care of it. A hard case would be good for next time though, maybe?
Customer: Thanks! FYI, you can’t search for it on your site photo and it doesn’t state whether it has caffeine or not ☹️ Agent: Thanks for bringing this to our attention, Natalie we are sharing this with our team now to address further!
Customer: thanks for putting us all on the plane only to find out you can’t fly because of a broken ac unit! Real nice! Never again. Agent: I am sorry about your eerience. Can you give me your flight number? Andre
Customer: your live TV feature is nowhere to be found despite my having it on my account...help! Agent: we are here to help, AL! Are you attempting to access it using one of these Try BrowsegtNetworksgtLive.
Customer: Not happy w/ Pizza OVER 75 mins late, called to check on it amp told to come get it because it hasn’t left yet. Chrgd me twice! Agent: we are terribly sorry for the wait, Deon! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thank you!
Customer: Well it also should have indicated that you all were charging people to go along with the courtesy Agent: I hear your frustrations Sidnel! I will meet you in the DMs to help out right away! BrendanLee
Customer: I’m sorry for the shitty color on these pics. Idk what is going wrong bt Lightroom and twitter. Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: still no internet going on 15 hours. I already talk to someone this afternoon and they are aware. disappointed Frustrating Agent: Hello, Grace. I am sorry your services are down. If you still need any assistance, please send me a message with your ...
Customer: Are you serious ?? Internet out again for the 3rd time in the same month? Some people have work to do Agent: with your full name, address, and account number so I can look into your service concerns. Thanks!
Customer: thanks for fucking up my phone with that last system update you guys did. Agent: Lets turn this around for you! message us and we will get started. MelJ
Customer: For Your Information was on your solutions/marketing of DB Business and noticed the read the eBook link is broken... Agent: Hey Justin, apologies for the delay, are you still unable to access the eBook? Let us know, thanks!
Customer: I changd my country in Uber profile to CA. I stil keep getin bombarded with promotions from India. Shall I create new account? Agent: Hi there! Please reach out to and fill out the boxes at the bottom so we can get in touch.
Customer: can you guys stop throttling my internet? i pay for some fast ass internet i shouldnt be getting buffering issues every5secs Agent: Sorry to hear about the trouble as we do not throttle. Is this happening on both wired and wireless connections?
Customer: iPhone 7 Plus Agent: Thanks! Which iOS version is currently showing in Settings gt General gt About?
Customer: you seriously need to sell me some Arbys sauce. Need to be able to buy it in a bottle again! Agent: We will share your tweet with our Menu amp Product Development team.
Customer: search is giving “search timed out” on web and app. Agent: Sorry to hear that. Have you tried switching browsers and clearing your cache and cookies?
Customer: Getting that 3 buck burrito from is becoming a tradition on Halloween thebest Agent: The absolute best. What are you going to order? Becky
Customer: lucky I was home and next to this when it randomly started to smoke. Unplugged before disaster!! What the hell? Agent: We want to look into this with you. message us and let us know what model of computer you use this cord with.
Customer: Yes, the SD feed is so blurry at times that it is hard to tell what is going on. Agent: It may be a poor connection impacting the signal. Reseating the connections may improve contact resolving the issue.
Customer: so y’all gonna fix this I️ problem or...... Agent: We want to help! message us and let us know more about the issues you are having.
Customer: Your last app update for iOS broke the app. No connection error keeps showing up. CmonMan Agent: Can you try unintalling and reinstalling? Jen
Customer: how can I get a receipt for my flight for an eense report? It must show amount. Agent: Happy to get that for you, Thomas. Please message us your confirmation number.
Customer: Honestly, it is like a pyramid scheme. Pay extra to be mistreated. Issue not resolved even after 45 min calls. disconected Agent: I am sorry for the poor eerience! Will you tell us more about the issue and what info or options we were able to provide?
Customer: That was Maldon store. Very helpful and friendly people on the tills. say thankyou Agent: Hey, I will be sure to pass your lovely comments on to the Maldon store Thanks Jess
Customer: I’m a driver, haven’t had any pick ups yet Agent: Sorry for the confusion! You can use this link instead You can also message us with your email address so we can assist!
Customer: any reason why I’m not even hitting 100? What do I have to do to get this resolved? I’m obviously not even getting a third of what I pay for. Agent: Do you have a wired device with a gigabit Ethernet port you can try connecting to the modem and testing with? Chris
Customer: any service disruptions in <number>? Router has had no internet for past hour or so. Agent: Not that we are aware of at this time. Is the internet light currently lit on your router? If so, what color is it?
Customer: hello bought airtime of LJV0Y5SFRQ Confirmed. Ksh3,298.00 instead of 30.00ksh kindly help reverse Agent: Hello and thank you for reaching out. Please send me a message with more information, so that I can further assist you.
Customer: Can’t reach cust service to report TERRIBLE eerience Hair in food and no way to get back Agent: Can you message us so we can look into this for you?
Customer: The flight attendant said “not my problem”... so no. I would have corrected it with the gate agent if I had realized b Agent: that is not good. Please message your confirmation number so I can look into this.
Customer: PSA 3.00 burritos at chipotle if you dress up for Halloween Agent: Truth. Thanks for the shout out! Becky
Customer: it is not an individual account problem. People around me are eeriencing same issue. I am just letting You guys know. LTE is slowed to a crawl Agent: This is right up my alley, shoot me a quick message and I will jump on this right away! TreBrewbaker
Customer: Comcast Agent: If you still need assistance with your internet service, please send a message with your info. I am happy to help.
Customer: how long until our WiFi works? It’s only been 15 years of this. Paying for extra mbps... this is ridiculous. Agent: I do apologize for the inconvenience and I will be happy to help. Can you message me your account number?
Customer: this is nasty. A used napkin in someones food Agent: that is incredibly concerning. Please provide more details so we can investigate Becky
Customer: Any reported issues w/ internet in Lafayette, LA for the past hour? Specifically the <number> area? Can’t connect, all lights are on. Agent: Hello, this does not sound good. Can you message the account name and complete service address? We would like to help. Dan
Customer: done Agent: We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: live streaming has been unwatchable for the last few weeks. On demand shows stream fine but live tv just buffers on every device. Agent: In general, Live TV requires a stronger connection in comparison to ondemand. Have you tried these
Customer: This pops up whenever i try to install league or fortnite, help please Agent: Hi, Derek! Help is here. May we know which version of you are using?
Customer: my phone warranty had eired one day Agent: Martel, who’s the phone manufacturer?
Customer: Trick or Treat wediditforthebooritos University of Central Missouri Agent: Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: if I add another adult to my Amazon household with their own account can they see my wishlists/photos/order history? Agent: Thanks for reaching out to us! You can find info on adding household members here
Customer: And I won’t be flying with your air lines AGAIN a angry customer Agent: we will respond shortly via .
Customer: i have 256 hd and timemachine/system is taking up 150gb of space. I only have 25gb free. Is it suppose to work like this? Agent: Thanks for reaching out to us. we are happy to help out. We recommend checking out this link
Customer: Quick someone get me a flight from Atlanta to LAX for game 7 Agent: we are ready to go with you. Please give us a call at <number> and we will find you the lowest fare available.
Customer: This is what 120mbps plan looks like. despite repeated complains, no resolution Agent: Hi, I can help with the speed issue. Can you message the name, address, and phone number on the account to us?Sean
Customer: What The F... is this.. every time I try to use the app it gives me this crap Agent: Here to help! Send us a note via so our team can connect.
Customer: Just had my first Prime Now delivery. 2 hours flat Agent: Awesome! Enjoy!
Customer: can you stop spamming me with would you like to open Waze? Fuck. Agent: Hey there! Can you let us know which device and operating system you are using? we will see what we can suggest /
Customer: Hey is not this the cutest burrito you have ever seen? Agent: Adorable! Becky
Customer: New customers get 25 per line unlimited, right? What does a loyal cust. for 20 get? Especially when the service has been crap? Agent: Hi there, we hope to have all our customers feeling appreciated. It is disappointing to received contrary feedback.
Customer: Yes it did, 11.0.3 Agent: we have just released iOS 11.1. We suggest backing up amp updating. Then, test the issue again. Heres how
Customer: I’m trying to do it via what i have set up but I don’t have a computer. I might be able to. Hang tight Agent: Sure thing, let us know the results. Latitia
Customer: have a query regarding cash back during 1417 October sale. Email/DM ? Agent: we would like to help you with the cash back. Kindly get in touch with our support team here
Customer: my internet is down a week after a technician came out to fix it Agent: Hello, Chris, I apologize for the delayed reply. Are you still having issues with your internet at this time?
Customer: iOS 11.1 keyboard lag. Agent: we would like to take a look into that with you. Would you please join us in message to get started?
Customer: 5th year of getting a boorito! SpoOoOoOky Agent: High five, my friend! Becky
Customer: Do you have any special deals for upset customers??? Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your pricing and I would be happy to help! Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: my cable sucks Agent: Hello, Phil, I apologize for the delayed reply. Are you still having issues with your cable at this time?
Customer: When something on your Xbox account went wrong and it’s saying it’s having trouble downloading WWII... Agent: Just checking in, are you still seeing this with your account? Tweet us any time for official Xbox support!
Customer: <number> Amazonの有料動画未納発生 のメールきたら注意して 架空請求だから 検索して良かったわ。あぶねえ。 Agent: ´`.｡oOご存知かと思いますが、当サイトからのご請求ではございませんので、ご連絡されませんように。。 また、携帯大手3社をご利用の場合には、迷惑メール対策として、申告窓口を設置しています。今後受信しないためにも、各窓口へご申告ください。
Customer: Hi , when I placed my order I requested a VAT receipt either via email or post but I still haven’t had one? Agent: I am sorry for the inconvenience. Please see here for more info on accessing your invoice.
Customer: Hi! I redeemed the movie offer this morning, but cannot make a selection tonight. somethings not right. Help please ☺️ Agent: Happy to help, Nick. message us, let us look into it. JoanO
Customer: hey godday do you have a chat support?? I had an issue while im tryin to sync merchandise from printfull to my woocommerce .. Agent: Yes, we have chat. Live chat is available on the help page Monday through Friday from 5am 6pm Arizona time in the .
Customer: yes it was due today by m and now its changed to tomorrow or the next couple days... but isnt there a guarantee? Agent: we are unable to access accounts on Twitter but we would like to look into it for you here
Customer: When you went to chipotle and they charged you full price for your costume ☹️ Agent: I am really sorry to hear that! Did you speak to a manager? Jen
Customer: A rep screwed up my order this morning and they refuse to fix it for me guess I am headed to the store Agent: Now is the right time to switch to sprint learn more at
Customer: I have December 11 scheduled but it’d be perfect if it could be the 10th... Agent: Please follow and message so we can continue.
Customer: Hi please check message thank you Agent: Hi, we have replied to your DM. Please get back to us when you can. Thanks
Customer: Why do you charge 75 for a surfboard when skis and golf clubs fly for free? Agent: Sorry for any frustration, John. We hope to see you and your board onboard soon.
Customer: Maybe.. how can I specify the username and password for basic auth required by my Connector? Agent: Just to confirm, would you be referring to this?
Customer: You have been CHECKING THINGS OUT since March 2017, ! Agent: that is definitely a long time we want Resolution! Send a message My way ErikaHoleman
Customer: I need to file a complaint w/ ASAP! Anyone know of the email address I need??? Agent: Hi there! You may write into and fill out the 4 boxes at the bottom so we can get in touch.
Customer: one order, two consignments. one delivered othr returned twice coz incorrect address. raise. last time exectiv gav assurance but no good. Agent: here and we will get back to you soon.
Customer: I know Halloween is supposed to be scary but a piece of bone in my chicken is a little too far Agent: that is troublesome to see. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: absolute shambles this morning. Waited for a car and it went from 11 mins away to 4 mins away and then just cancelled Agent: Sorry for the trouble! Send us a note here, and our team will follow up.
Customer: to for a scarygood deal on my Boorito salad bowl that was to die for.… Agent: Becky
Customer: is down on the my account page Agent: Hm, we have not had any reported errors lately. Have you tried accessing your RR account via a different browser?
Customer: Is there anyway I could make radford va any closer to the next ones on the list? Agent: I can certainly pass on your feedback to the necessary department but I cannot guarantee that we will be able to get service out there. Ra
Customer: Is there a way to hide the nonEnglish language content? I do not speak Spanish the new TV tab has a lot in there each day. Agent: we would love to see how we can help. Which tab are you referring to? Which device is in use? Mind sharing a screenshot with us?
Customer: looking over Paddington last night, from Bishops bridge road Agent: Hi Great photos! Thanks for sharing with us. Ian.
Customer: I cannot contact my postmate. Help! Agent: Hi there. message us your account email so we can help!
Customer: Hey I need an update on my refund! Can you help? Agent: You may track your refunds using the link Please keep us posted.
Customer: Says my information was not sufficient and submit a new form Agent: Thank you for the update. We encourage you to be persistent and keep trying to recover your account using the recovery form.
Customer: My friend requested a payment. I paid and they were charged a fee. Is there anyway we can revert it? Agent: We are sorry to hear this is happening. In order for us to help get this resolved, please send us a message with your ...
Customer: I see this on both my OnePlus 2 and my LG Nexus 5. Both are running Android 6.0.1. Though Android permissions are not device specific. Agent: If the permissions cannot be disabled, they must be required to run the Priority app as efficiently as possible O2Guru
Customer: Hey , if I recieve the wrong order and reported it to support...should I place a new order? Or what...? Agent: Hey there! message us the email on your account, please. We can help!
Customer: Ps, she still enjoyed having her groceries delivered! Excellent service indeed! Cheers! Agent: Hi Kaz, I have replied to your DM. TY Chris
Customer: Misrepresentation by host. Asked them to cancel my reservation and refund me over AUD1700 strict policy. No response. Please help. Agent: We are sorry to hear this. Please message your email address and reservation code so we can look into this for you. Thank you.
Customer: When YOU PAY for a comfortselect seat 2 LHR but realize once on the flt You DID NOT get that seat? deltafail amp Nothing can be done Agent: Oh no, Megan! I am so sorry we were unable to correct this before departure. Has a refund been requested for you?
Customer: Read this Agent: gtgt at airport Duty free with seal only be allow to carry.Thanks Mariya
Customer: Peeps my is going up 50 next month. What are you all using for over the air and cord cut? Agent: Hello, I will be glad to answer any questions you have about your account or you bill. Please send me a dm.
Customer: Hey Hulu No, those don’t help. I have tried basic troubleshooting. Your app shouldn’t require a hardware reboot or Ethernet anyway. Agent: Apologies for the delay. Are you still having trouble streaming on your ATV? If so, contact for help. ✅
Customer: I preordered WW2 not long ago from GameStop and they did not give me a code for the preload. What do I do? Agent: Hey there! For further information, I suggest contacting GameStop. Let me know if you have any other questions.
Customer: My service is always on and off . Ironically when I need it most I am having to reboot and reset my internet and it is very inconvenient Agent: I am glad you have reached out. We will work on fixing this. Please send us a message with your account number.
Customer: 6 years later I still can’t access Contacts on iCloud, what do we need to do to finally get this fixed, ? //cc Agent: You should be able to access your iCloud contacts on the web. message us, and we will see what we can do.
Customer: Just got off the phone with a Rep , and we could not get a package shipped to my closest location NJ for pickup Agent: Hey there, Jorge. Please direct message us for order details. I can clarify or help out with this order.
Customer: sat in drive thru for 10 mins waiting to place my order after they said they’d “be right with me.” I really wanted curly fries too. Agent: We apologize. Which restaurant did you visit?
Customer: on the wrong which I really don’t appreciate. This needs to be investigate and I was simply queuing to pay and the guy pushed in Agent: Hi Cade, what was my colleagues name? Can you give a description? When were you in our store? Nick
Customer: The 3 burrito is cool, but can I order online w/o being redirected to the 3 burrito page or is this a Halloween prank? Agent: it is not a Halloween prank – I am sorry. We turned it off for the Boorito promotion tonight. Becky
Customer: It appears everything is fine now.... this happens a lot, randomly Agent: Thank you. Do the wired speeds ever go below 65 Mbps?
Customer: Like this. Open the Multitasking screen, swiping up on the WhatsApp app to close it as seen in the video. Agent: Meet us in message with a screenshot of what shows in Settings gt Notifications gt WhatsApp, please.
Customer: are complaints taken seriously? Do you take customer complaints seriously or just pay it lip service??? Agent: Hi there, I have replied to your message about this. Apologies Josh
Customer: Still pretty annoyed screwed up my quesadilla last night Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: was a horror show tonight with fighting employees and not getting all the items I paid for not living Mas Agent: We need to make up. message us.
Customer: I have internet package and my upload and DL speeds are fine, but my ping is 200 for some reason. Any help? Agent: Oh no, is this with all websites? Do you happen to have tracerts for us to review?
Customer: no because a T4 timeout is modem rebooting, as in 0 internet. this is different than the packet loss at least. a tech visited for this issue Agent: I understand, I was referring to before and after the T4.
Customer: Everybody is making everybody go to store to get problems fix. Don’t tweet them. 8hours over 3 days trying to come back Agent: Please meet me back in DM. we will work on this together. ZachRicketts
Customer: enviei meu ebook para o premio Kindle às 22h de hoje. Porém, a ferramenta kdp fala q demora 72h pra publicar. Vou concorrer mesmo assim, certo? Agent: Recomendo entrar em contato diretamente com o SAC da KDP, para eles conferirem o seu caso
Customer: I lost my signal while searching something in and since the page did not load, this shows up...I am not even mad. DogsForLife Agent: We know not having service is ruff, but dogs make everything better!
Customer: Considering walking to in my llama onesie alone happy Halloween Agent: You will not be alone – we will be there with you. Also, I want that llama onesie. Becky
Customer: No I have not but I will try that now Agent: Try that and let me know if that helps. Clarissa
Customer: One more question how do I enable Smart Sync? Agent: Hi again, Smart Sync can be enabled on your Business account using the steps here
Customer: Hey the model of Whats Old is Blue Again disappeared from the store. Did it sell out? Agent: At
Customer: how much long until you guys release season 3 of ?!? Agent: No news for ondemand plans currently we can share the interest. we are able to slip them through with a portal gun for Live .
Customer: Not a good customer service. Agent: Please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you.
Customer: Cable been out since I️ got home. Y’all trippin Agent: Can you please message us your account info so we can check the status of this for you?
Customer: Holy shit. Just got free wifi on . I guess you can have your cake and eat it too Agent: We know how important staying connected is, Kyle. Have a fantastic flight!
Customer: still no help about this. Agent: We understand the wait has been long for you. Please give us some more time amp we will get this sorted out for you. Rgds,Yogita
Customer: The internet at The Haven at Kennesaw is ass. That shit goes out for days at a time! get this shit together Agent: address, and account number so I can assist further with this issue. Thanks!
Customer: HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!!!! Agent: What great costumes! Thanks for this fantastic pic.
Customer: why it is not possible to choice pick up location with pin point? Auto location is constantly wrong Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can connect.
Customer: is it possible that my upgrade coupons have disappeared from my online profile? It says I have none, but I should have a ton Agent: Hello, Benjamin. What type of upgrade certificates are you referring to?
Customer: No luck...iOS 11.1 your app updated yesterday Agent: Oh, I am sorry for the confusion. This is because online ordering is down for Boorito right now. Jen
Customer: How are you fixing the issue? Agent: No plans to bring it back in the near future. Becky
Customer: Fool me twice! Another kindle release day, another missed guaranteed release day delivery AMAZONFAIL Agent: I am sorry your Kindle has not arrived! Can you tell us the current tracking status?
Customer: Ugh, thanks for the clump of curly fries... Good thing I had a hammer and chisel 2 eat them .. fail Agent: We apologize. Which restaurant location did you visit?
Customer: , your new iOS 11.1 not resolve the calendar problem. iOS11 iosfail Agent: We want you to be able to rely on your calendar. What exactly is going on with it?
Customer: my phone number has not updated from my old service even though I got a confirmation text, help! Agent: We want to provide the correct support. Is this regarding your Mobile or Residential services?
Customer: my tv frequently freezes screen. the audio continues live but the the video is frozen. the only way I can fix it is to unplug Agent: Hello, I have responded to your DM, please review amp respond at your earliest convenience. Thank you.
Customer: I’m flying air Canada. Do they normally leave from t3 at sfo? Agent: Hello there. Is this concerning a US Amex Card? We currently only have access to card specifics, not flight details. Rachel
Customer: came in clutch with that 3 burrito Agent: we are here for you. Becky
Customer: Best part about Halloween has been the 3 burrito from for the last few years. TheRealOnes NeverDisappoint Agent: Right? Definitely the best. Becky
Customer: I cannot be lazy and send a friend Agent: ¯\ツ/¯ Becky
Customer: HELP I have binge watched all of the Dance Mom episodes and I need you guys to add more Agent: Great suggestion! we will be sure to share the interest in adding more Dance Moms with our content team!
Customer: I did that. Nothing happened Agent: When you reset the battery backup did you wait 5 minutes and reset the router?
Customer: Yes but I tried/failed too many times so now I am locked out Agent: Unfortunately we cannot override the wait time that it takes to allow continued log in.
Customer: Yeah but I never got my temporary password so it is still useless. Guess I just will not pay it. Agent: How were you to receive the temp password?
Customer: Peace Agent: Please let us know if any assistance is needed. .
Customer: help me Agent: Here for you! message us and we will chat! ErikS
Customer: iMessage amp snapchat Agent: Thanks for letting us know. Send us a message and we will do everything we can to get your keyboard back on track.
Customer: why does your TV listings confuse the channel for the World Series? TMZ? Sad. Agent: Hello, Gary. I will be more than happy to assist you. Please send me a message with your account name and phone or account number.
Customer: Done that. Was told I would definitely have it by 9pm yesterday amp it is still not been delivered!!!! Agent: Just to confirm, what is the current tracking information listed for your order here
Customer: its sayin I can only list up to £73 as I’ve listed the rest this month even tho it’s 45 mins into November and I haven’t listed yet Agent: Hmm that is interesting would you send us a message with more information so I can look into that for you?
Customer: So apparently the new version of has this cool feature where you cannot eort SVGs. Sick update guys. Agent: Hi Keelin, Sorry for the inconvenience. I am able to eort SVG in AI CC 2018. Would you mind sharing your workflow, sample file/screenshot?
Customer: how can I know if my service is on vacation mode? Agent: , You can check online It should show up each service is 9.99 a month. =
Customer: thanks so much Dolton , means so much!!!!! extremelifesaver Agent: you are very welcome, Hal!
Customer: No, can you just turn the internet back on and make the sucking stop? Agent: I will be glad to take a look at this for you. If you change your mind we are here
Customer: OK maybe my problem too let me try that resizing. Agent: We want to help you with this great TMobileTuesday deal! Shoot me a message here AngieShaw
Customer: I’m paying 200 a year amp you can’t even automatically tell to activate my league pass? Agent: Hello. Can you please message me your address so I can look int the NBA League pass issue for you? Thanks.
Customer: Most pethetic service right look at the time i am waiting since 2 days and guess wat I am a primemember badservice refund Agent: I would like to take a closer look into this, please share your details here
Customer: your HOng Kong mobile site and app sucks. I don’t read Chinese yet there isn’t an obvious place to change language badux Agent: The app should generally match the language on your device O/S settings. Please let us know if that is not lining up.
Customer: you invited me back to Hulu for a free trial but still charged me . Why? I want my money back. Agent: Thanks for tweeting us about this! So we can take a closer look with you, please give us a call or chat
Customer: is the iPhone SE promotion only on the website or is it instore also?! Agent: Hello! The iPhone SE deal is available only through our online shop. For more details, please visit Is there anything else we may help you with? .
Customer: 3 bowls and isn’t charging for double meat?! Day is made Agent: Right? Best day of the year. Becky
Customer: Nothin like shopping the new HearthandHand line while employees joke around, complain about their jobs amp discuss vomit. Agent: that is not quite what we envisioned for the Hearth and Hand shopping eerience. We apologize, message us w/the location and what happened.
Customer: I would like to get quote on change to booking ref IJUG2D. Can You help? Agent: to the website for available flights. We will assist you with the flight move Yana
Customer: When is the update for Black Ops 3? Agent: Hi there, we do not have any information on this.
Customer: I have had ongoing account access issues w/ my Microsoft acc. All troubleshooting ask me to log in first but I cant. Ideas? Agent: We got your back, Kyle. Just to clarify, are you getting any error messages when signing into your Microsoft account?
Customer: what is the reason for the gt2 hour delay on flight 824? Agent: This is due to a tech delay on an earlier route combined with Air Traffic Control delays.
Customer: So, can I get a refund for my “highspeed” internet that has performed like this all day, even when I’m sitting ne t to modem? Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your concerns and I would be happy to help! Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: Hi , what in blazes is going on here? Different ticket availability and different journeys. on the left, your website via Nectar on the right. Am I missing something? Agent: Hi Sam. How can I help?
Customer: When’s season 3 of Rick and Morty going to be on ? Agent: We do not have an ETA on those episodes just yet. If you are interested, you can see them with
Customer: I need to catch up on Naruto, My Hero Academia, Dragon ball Super and lots more. Thank you Agent: Gotcha! Dubbed availability depends on the content provider. we will share your interest in seeing more of those shows dubbed.
Customer: I’m getting no audio at all. I already restarted my PS4 twice already?? help Agent: Here to help! Please check the audio settings. Details here
Customer: Hi any idea when issues with booking references will be fixed still getting error no flights in the booking !!! Agent: Hi Phil, a patch will be done on 1 November. This should resolve the issues you are having. Helen
Customer: watching the World Series on your app and there is no picture ! Agent: That should not be! Which device do you use? If you try a quick reboot of your device, is there any improvement after?
Customer: ordered 3 breakfast tacos. What The F... would you give reg. Soft tacos instead. It’s not even time to serve those yet? Agent: let us make up. message us.
Customer: Thanks. If you want to see the finest release notes known to man, check out the Argos apps release history. They add brand value! Agent: we will keep that in mind! Just give us a shout if you need anything else. Were... /
Customer: better give me a window seat tomorrow seen as it won’t let me check in online and I have a 7 hr flight and straight to work Agent: Please message your record locator. we will take a closer look for you.
Customer: Kuwait airlines leaving heathrow on monday afternoon Agent: Hi Kevin. If Kuwait Airlines was the airline who you last traveled with, you would need to contact them regarding your delayed bag. Lolly
Customer: I am seeing some people who won their Xbox after me are getting shipping info, should I be worried if I have not gotten anything? Agent: Hang tight, Daniel. It should come soon.
Customer: hahaha it’s amazing what people will do for a 3 burrito she says standing alone in line at dressed as a whoopie cushion Agent: Becky
Customer: Wells Fargo is constantly putting fraud holds on my account Agent: I noticed your mention. Have you called <number> to speak with a banker? Let us know if you want us to review no acct .
Customer: will not respond to my tweets bc they cannot fix my problem...understaffed perhaps? Agent: I can look into service issues. Please message me your account info so I can help.
Customer: just updated my 7 plus to 11.1 but I can’t see the new emojis on my watch. Pls help. Agent: Got it. Have you updated your Apple Watch to 4.1 yet?
Customer: is there a way to see what my original “trip request” was? Not map of the actual ride on receipt, but the Original Request? Agent: Find out more info about Getting trip receipt here
Customer: I want to see action is made in this line <number> to stop deducting my account,it is one of reason to cease reaching. Agent: Hello , apologies on your eerience. Please note that the service has been deactivated as requested. Thank you. TOwo
Customer: When does the predownload open? One of my mates could download it today, but i have not gotten the opportunity yet? Hmm Agent: Good evening, I recommend reaching out to your console manufacture in regards to this.
Customer: What would you do for 3 Agent: That makeup is on point! Becky
Customer: Hi! I have a problem getting my invocie in Mexico taxlegal facturas. Can you help or do you have a help center for Mexico? Agent: Find out more info about getting your invoice here
Customer: Ok hoe can You take my money but not except my food order at all. We had to use uber eats cuz You did it twice in a row now! Agent: Hello! Sorry for the issues! Can you message us and we can further assist?
Customer: Crying bc I forgot about booritos Agent: You still have plenty of time to come in! Becky
Customer: your keep watching isnt functional. I added several to my profile and some show but also other ones that i didnt add show up Agent: Hi! Keep Watching displays content you have recently viewed. My Stuff is where you will see your favorites
Customer: . I heard you guys were bad after an install noshow amp 25 min of being on hold, I am thinking the rumors were true. Agent: I apologize for the poor eerience you have had with us. If there is anything that I can help you with, please message me. Lexie
Customer: ¿me pueden seguir para una consulta por privado? Agent: Hola Diego, si claro. Por favor siguenos en Twitter para más instrucciones en mensaje directo.
Customer: You need to vet your drivers its criminal. Agent: Happy to help! Please reach out to and fill out the 4 boxes at the bottom so we can get in touch.
Customer: Meu bebê chegou. Obrigado Agent: Que notícia boa, Luiz! Fiquei curioso... O que contém esse pacote?
Customer: my joining discount was not applied to my first order. Also how do I find my personal code? Agent: we are so sorry for the trouble. Send us a note via so we can assist.
Customer: my card was declined for a Lyft transaction as a safety measure from my bank. Can you help me pay and tip my driver? Agent: Hello! Could you please message with the phone number associated with your Lyft account?
Customer: Glo please improve on your network even here in Abuja there are many places that need a mast your network is so so bad Agent: We apologize for any inconvenience. Kindly provide your phone number, exact location, device type and error response so we can progress .
Customer: I really wish wouldn’t ship with . Worst service out there Agent: I do apologize that you feel this way. If you need assistance please message us your concern.
Customer: Said their point of sale system would not accept Arbys gift cards? How can that be? Thanks. Agent: We apologize, Glen. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: People eating without a costume look so out of place on Halloween Boorito alwaysbusyonhalloween Agent: Right? Becky
Customer: Never flying again. They flight attendants were rude, and the extortion for carryon baggage is ridiculous! So disappointed. Agent: we are sorry for any rudeness. If you have a Basic Economy ticket, then only a personal item would be allowed on board.
Customer: Only I would be put on hold for 1 hrs by ! And still nobody answers me Agent: Yikes! Can you please let us know what seems to be the issue in which led to your feedback?
Customer: Queridos , no se mamen!. Agent: Hola. Lamento los inconvenientes. Aquí podrás ver las opciones de reembolso o reemplazo disponibles
Customer: Hey the new iOS is killing me! Email freezing and horrific battery life. What gives I can’t even go back to old iOS. Grrrrrr Agent: we are here to help. message us which iOS device you are using to get started.
Customer: HAPPY HALLOWEEN! Thank you for the delicious BOOritos, Agent: That bowl looks BOOritoful! Becky
Customer: I have been busy with life. How long do I have to file a claim regarding this? Or is this a lost cause at this point? Agent: Hi, there. You must report your claim within 24 hours for U.S. travel and seven days for international travel.
Customer: British Air keeps losing the CIV to charge my flights. Been going on since early October. Poor customer service. Agent: we are disappointed to hear this has taken this long Cindy. Unfortunately, the CVV drops out of the booking as a security feature if
Customer: Laughing Out Loud that is not my real name. But basically yeah they will not just leave it at my front door. Tomorrows the final attempt. Agent: Hi, not Hugh Who is the carrier for this delivery? You can find this information here
Customer: Please reach out your company needs to have a customer service phone number Agent: We are live here on Twitter! Can you message us with your account email?
Customer: Even though I am seeking AAdvantage credit? Agent: Oh I am sorry, you will need to contact American with the same information. Andre
Customer: thanks for 3 bowl today! You are appreciated!!! Agent: We appreciate you, too! Becky
Customer: Can the 34 people size be preordered for xmas collection? Agent: Hi Laura, was you looking to order in store or online? TY Chris
Customer: what happened to classic Gyros? were around brief but now we are stuck with rst bf or trky on Pain In The A.. NOT a gyro! Agent: Thanks for the interest in our Greek Gyro. We plan for it to return.
Customer: Awesome sauce. Thanks! Agent: you are welcome. Feel free to contact us if you have further concerns.
Customer: Sooo....I know y’all are all about the meats...but WHERE IS THE BREAD?!? AWOLBread Agent: Please email our Guest Support team more details to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: creates amazing technology..... but talk to text still messes up 90 of what I will it to type..... fixyourcrap Agent: Let’s work together on this. How long has this been happening? Do you eerience similar behavior with Siri?
Customer: , How do I link my Delta Sky Miles to my Amex card? Agent: Hi I never heard back from you. Let me know if I can assist. Have a nice day. Clarissa
Customer: I bymistakely made my age under 18 and I have a nice gamertag, I want to remove it off of parental controls plz help Agent: Hi there! The master account is the one that have to change the parental control
Customer: web player gets broken sound in Chrome and does not work at all in Safari. Nice work. Agent: Hey! The cavalrys here. Can you try the steps at Let us know how it goes /
Customer: Wells Fargo is the worst bank of all time. I’m just going use my navy federal one from now on Agent: What took place to leave this impression? Tell me more about your concerns no acct and I will see how to help.
Customer: I am tryig to order off the app and I have tried on the website and it is not working Agent: Hello! Can you provide us with a screenshot of what you are seeing?
Customer: Yeah. Problem is, CenturyLink, it never seems to improve. Like an idiot, I will probably go ahead and send you another check this month tho. Agent: Please let us know if you have any questions, just message us your account number and any questions you may have. Lexie
Customer: How does amazon have late shipping? Multi billion dollar company Agent: I am sorry we let you down! Do you have a current order that has passed the delivery date?
Customer: Adobe Reader DC is making everything so difficult I should be able to look at this document no matter what fucking version I have Agent: Sorry to hear that! Is there anything we can do to help? Let us know we are happy to assist. Madison
Customer: Temporary eeriencing life without internet. I️ can’t work in my office and I️ can’t pay for things in the shop. how soon can you resume service? Agent: Has your service been disconnected? I can check the account if you could message your address or account number.
Customer: why is the second half of season 2 gone? Agent: Sorry those were missing for you, Julia! We got Jane and Weller on it, you should be able to catch the eps after a device restart
Customer: aws reInvent stating off right, standby early on and a Super80! Missed you buddy AllTheFeelz Agent: Thanks for joining us on board!
Customer: The store never gave me an error message. it is STILL sitting there thinking/working after 2 hours. Agent: we would love to hear from you. Share us your thoughts about our support here
Customer: I need help Agent: we are here to assist you in any way we can! Let us know the details of what happened. You can also message us if needed.
Customer: Excelente servicio! Recibí mis paquetes hace un par de minutos! Agent: ¡Nos alegra saberlo Quirino! Te agradecemos que nos hayas contactado y esperamos que puedas disfrutar de tu compra. Quedamos a tu servicio. ¡Saludos!
Customer: Tengo un pequeño problema al querer pagar mi Plus, porque estoy en un país distinto y las tarjetas de crédito son rechazadas Agent: Hola. La region de la tarjeta debe de ser la misma que la region de tu cuenta para que esta funcione.
Customer: customer service ! 4 different people said they have no idea how to help, the two people who actually have tried did it wrong Agent: Good afternoon. This is distressing. Send me a message so I can see what happened.
Customer: when today1.11.17 are you gonna release new ps plus games of the month? Agent: Hi Matias. Please keep an eye on the PS Blog for news and updates
Customer: why does my PS4 turn off by itself ‍♂️ Agent: Hi there! For assistance please follow us and send us a Direct Message, we look forward to your reply.
Customer: . LTE in College Park, MD is messed up. Changing network mode to 4G as a workaround. You guys got a damaged tower? Agent: Hmm, let us take a look at what is going on. Send us a DM. KananiB
Customer: Hi I am trying to check in online but it will not let me continue without a visa number. Im travelling to USA so I have an ESTA Agent: correct prompts. I am sorry it is being difficult with you today! Kimbers
Customer: I don’t know what is worse the last flight I had on or the email I got from customer service. Agent: We truly regret any disappointment, Rachel. Please let us know if there is something we can assist you with here.
Customer: , I would like to change my name on my account to my married name. How can I do this? Email address not working. Agent: If you send us a DM, we can help!
Customer: why cannot i get chips instead of a tortilla from for free? Agent: We make our chips by hand, every single day. I am sorry for any frustration they are an extra charge. Becky
Customer: Hey , how you doin baby? is out tonight...wanna hook up? LiveWire Agent: Doin well. We should, check out the promos we have for new customers at
Customer: why am I getting a commercial after every song? Should it be after every few songs? Agent: Hi there, have you checked, if you are signed into the right account? Keep us posted!
Customer: hi all. and settings apps keep crashing on iOS 11.1.2. See attached video. Is this a known issue? Agent: Thanks for bringing this to our attention. we would like to look into this further. Please click here to join us in message
Customer: where do I find a list of all the centurion lounges? Thanks Agent: If you need further assistance please let me know. fd
Customer: Anna Inspired in idea lab at school to be package being shipped to Narnia! Amazon can go anywhere according to Anna. Agent: you are not lion! She even shows witch way is up! that is quite the wardrobe!
Customer: it is working now. Agent: Great! Enjoy the World Series and thank you for being with us!
Customer: so incredibly annoying that you do not work on roku Agent: Hey Maggie! We have some info about the Spotify app on Roku here Give us a shout if there is anything else /
Customer: Level with me, UPS. You have no idea where my package is, do you? Agent: Please message your tracking number, delivery address and phone number so we can take a look into this.
Customer: 11.1 Agent: Got it. let us continue to look further into this in message
Customer: my Postmates cannot speak English and cannot find my address can you help us Agent: Yes! Can you message us the email on your account please?
Customer: Ready for my Boorito!!! halloween Agent: Spooky! Well played, my friend. Becky
Customer: No, sorry, I’m not doing that. The World Series is on. Your app just keeps unilaterally stopping the stream. The issue is not my modem. Agent: We definitely understand. If you are open to it, please try rebooting after the game. For now, we will share your feedback.
Customer: Why does never make my burrito right when I order online? Order Fresca, has chz and cream when I realize down the road Agent: that is not okay. Where did you get this?
Customer: why are the announcers on the football games switching between English and Spanish? Agent: I apologize for the delayed response. Have your issues been addressed? These steps here...
Customer: Thank you for getting us to the BigApple safely. “Hello” MacysParade 2017! Agent: Awesome photo, Eugenie! Thanks for sharing the skies amp the view w/ us this morning.
Customer: I got it sorted out, after multiple phone calls and failed chat sessions those were horrible By The Way Agent: Thanks for the update! I am sorry about the order issues and your inconvenience, but glad that everything has been resolved.
Customer: Seriously? get these ppl some help. 5 cars, 35 minutes?? Not right!!! Agent: Please email our Guest Support team more details to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: Boys on them at Chipotle tough tonight Agent: Our app ordering is turned off tonight for our Boorito promo, but it will be back on again tomorrow. Becky
Customer: Did somebody order something amp ship to my address, or did sent me someone’s package by mistake? Agent: I am sorry for the uneected package! Please reach us here for available options.
Customer: my internet service has been cutting out every 20 minutes. what is good? Agent: Hello I can please send me your phone number and the primary name on the account? Will
Customer: I am trying to redeem my preorder code at and get a 504 gateway timeout several times of trying. HELP! Agent: Hey King, there is an issue with our redemption site hang on to your code, things should be cleared up soon!
Customer: it is a shame that Siri cannot be used to turn off the timer. Pain to do it with messy hands. Send to the idea file? Agent: We value your feedback. Feel free to leave it here
Customer: What do I have to do to get to stop calling me multiple times a day w/ no voicemail this is my 2nd time complaining. 3calls2day Agent: You can place your number on our do not call list by dialing <number>. KayJay
Customer: I need help Agent: Thanks for reaching out! I see you sent a DM. I will respond to you there. JonPorter
Customer: I love myself and my BODY. I can still wear Walmart and make my man want me Agent: it is not about the clothes, it is all in the attitude. confidence Danny
Customer: me erday waiting for Agent: Thank you for reaching out to us. Please message us details of your concern or compliment include your tracking and phone number. do not forget to provide your shipping address.
Customer: Thanks for the 3 burrito Agent: That mask is terrifying. Jen
Customer: I think it’s me, not you. I’m a newb, lol. Agent: Feel free to reach back out if you need anything else! we are always here to help. Raj
Customer: Hey , how is it possible that you accidentally cancel a return trip? I would have been stuck in the airport if I did not notice. Agent: It sounds like we need to look into this, John. message us your confirmation here.
Customer: A message with what? I don’t have questions. I have issues with how the company sneaks extra fees on my account. Agent: If you would like to discuss the fees you are referring to, please reach out to us with your account information.
Customer: Hi , I’m flying from LHR to JFK tomorrow. I’m wondering what the new security checks are for this flight are you able to advise? Thank You Agent: ...speak to you on this. HRO
Customer: I waited in line for 30 min, just to have the drivethru not give me all my food so I had to get back in line and wait another 30. Agent: that is too long. message us.
Customer: Any danger of my delivery arriving? Only been hour and half late so far!! GREAT SERVICE!!! Agent: Sorry Nick, did you receive your delivery? Ceri
Customer: Im sending my notebook in for hard drive replacement. Is it alright if I format the drive to factory defaul first? hpcswus hppc Agent: below and reply. Thanks! Anoop
Customer: bought 1050 fifa points in a bundle with 12 mounth PS Plus. Havent received the fifa points. This was at 1600 gt1 Agent: Hi! Please follow us via Twitter and let us know so we can send you a message with further instructions. Thanks!
Customer: your store at 1902 NW Hwy in Garland TX is massively understaffed and poorly run been waiting 20 minutes for my dine in order Agent: We apologize. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: i overpaid you. you owe me money back. its that simple. now pay up. Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. I can look into that for you. Can you please send me your account or phone num...
Customer: mobileCare was thinking of adding another movie channel. Is there any trail period so I can try it before paying another one Agent: Please provide by message the full address and account number and name associated with your account. Thanks.
Customer: Hi! Can you please give me a phone number to call to check flight status? Thank you! Agent: Hi there! Our Reservations team can check on flights for you at <number>.
Customer: I have a samsung and roku tvs. On both models I have trouble watching. The roku the most. The samsung is better but I have eerienced buffer Agent: I am sorry to hear this. Please try these tips and let us know if it improves
Customer: why won’t my apps fuccin download or update Agent: Apps are important and we want you to get back to enjoying them. Which model do you have? Is iOS 11.1 installed on it?
Customer: name correction my case number <number> Agent: Hi there, there is no payment transaction has been made on your booking number and it is eired. Jimy
Customer: hey i have a idea when people call about parcels transferred to usps provide them with the postal tracking number ya lazyfucks Agent: The number for the USPS is located at the bottom of the tracking details on for your convenience
Customer: I have contacted you for a week about you saying my numbers In use. Almost got raped. Waiting, calling, emailing. Reimburse my cab Agent: Here to help, Erica! We see your outreach and a member of our team will be following up to assist as soon as possible.
Customer: will you ever address my complaint/claim? Or, do you just ignore it until the 2 yrs are up? Agent: email address and contact telephone number. we will look into your complaint and contact you for an update . Oliver
Customer: I bought Fortnite on the primary account, Now my sister wants to play it but cannot play it on her account Agent: Sorry to hear that, Please try activating the system as primary under both accounts, More details
Customer: got our booritos, but they charged us extra for double meat... the website did not put any stipulations on what we could get? Agent: That should not be happening. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: Thanks, I have just done this. Is there a way to lock the account to ensure that my banking details are secure? Agent: Happy to further assist you, Jenna! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: USPS is the carrier. They are usually here 10 am12 pm, so I do not know what is going on. Agent: that is really weird! Have you contacted them to see if they could provide any insight?
Customer: can You make the line shorter Agent: Sadly, not much control over that one. Jen
Customer: upsscam why ups always charge cod ? Why they cannot figure out cost before when shipping is calculated ? Agent: Please message the tracking number, contact number, and full details, if you needed assistance.
Customer: Me ha tocado un inepto en keiere gestionar la recogida de mi pakete de se monta su ruta y yo como penelope a esperarle! Agent: Hola.¿Cuál es la fecha de entrega de tu pedido?
Customer: My account has been temporarily suspended, and I was wondering why but I have not been emailed yet??? Agent: Sorry to hear that! We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: Why is part of Blindspot season 2 missing? Agent: We had our team look into this and you should now be able to stream those episodes with Jane, Weller, and the team. Try rebooting!
Customer: it is point less to actually fill this form.Since you always give me those replies with I will personally follow up and stuff.. Agent: details through the link provided above so that we can look into the issue.
Customer: The Newegg Mobile app is not compatible with my iPhone anymore See, this is how this shit starts. Agent: Sorry to hear about that! Please direct message us with any error details that are occurring. I will review this with our mobile team.
Customer: Still same thing I am dissapointed Agent: Thank you for testing out those steps. Send us a message telling us the iPhone you have, and what happened before you restarted it.
Customer: Hi. I lost my phone in an Uber. App asks me to submit my phone number to make contact,I only had mobile as travelling. Agent: Happy to help! Please confirm your email address or phone number through direct message so we can further assist.
Customer: Halloween is not REALLY Halloween if I don’t get … Agent: True story. Amazing costume! Becky
Customer: Continuamos aguardando de una elicación por la agresión verbal q sufrió mi esposa por parte de una azafata de esta cia Agent: A specialist is still carefully reviewing this. Someone will be in direct contact soon.
Customer: <number> please help Agent: Hi There, we has respond you via DM. see you there! Anwar
Customer: sure will do. Getting refunded by the sellers in the meantime. Agent: Thanks for the update Simon! Please let us know if there’s anything we can help you with! Have a great day!
Customer: Details sent, have not received any communication from your side Agent: You should have received a correspondence from our social media team. Kindly check here and reply.
Customer: I’m so pissed off at right now. How the hell yall lock someone’s account while they’re at the airport trying to get a mf ride Agent: Sorry to hear this was your eerience. Contact us via so our team can connect.
Customer: please read it’s not working when I type in the right codes I really want the calling card y wont it let me do it Agent: Hey there! Unfortunately, I have no info regarding these promotions. I believe the window to redeem a code has closed.
Customer: you are DNS servers werent responding. We are good now. Agent: Great to hear, thank you for letting us know. If you ever need us again we will be here for you 24x7.
Customer: thank you! Agent: No worries, happy to help in any way we can!
Customer: I keep getting playstation error code ce339926 tried restarting ps and router still nothing just want to play overwatch Agent: Here to assist! Please start your system in safe mode and select restore default settings. Steps here
Customer: You kindly refund the amount back .. I have sent back the product and I demand a refund for the same .never had such dissaponments wit amazon Agent: we have emailed a correspondence to you. Kindly check it here amp reply to it for further assistance.
Customer: 4 hrs w/iOS 11.1, no change in battery consumption . Thanks anyway. Can we have iOS 10 back ? Agent: we are sorry to hear you are still having problems. Please message us and we will go from there.
Customer: Thanks for the quick reply but that link goes to a dead page? I am getting 110mbps down so do not think it is a connection issue... Agent: Oops sorry, looks like an s went missing! Try out instead. No issues reported from our end currently
Customer: I’ve tried to do the upgrade program online and can’t. tmobile as a carrier and no apple store closer then 3hours away. Help Agent: we would like to help. let us take this to message and we will elore ways to provide you assistance.
Customer: why is the audio not syncing with the shows on my Agent: Uh oh, that is not what we like to hear about! Does this continue for you after working through these
Customer: I was just on the phone with you guys for 30 mins and nothing was resolved and I was hung up on. I will be canceling my service. Agent: Oh No. That is not the Cox eerience we want you to have. What issue are you having with your service? Mark
Customer: I’m gonna need at least 1000 bags of honey glazed peanuts for to make up for what they’ve put me through the last three days Agent: we are saddened to learn you are upset with us, Haley. Please message us your confirmation number so we can follow up with you.
Customer: acá un te serbice sucia. Same price but one baggage less. Bogotá airport staff are rude and make a real mess Agent: Please let us know if we can help in some way.
Customer: Hw is now robbing Peter 2pay Paul wht an unfortunate company is GLO network? I reported illegal deduction still ongoing. Agent: Hello Sumbo, no negative deduction noticed on the line. Please confirm the date and amount?
Customer: The 0620 from Euston. Now I am here waiting on the 1900 from Bham int. Also late. Agent: Sadly the service has been delayed due to a fault on the line
Customer: and boorito HappyHalloween2017 Agent: Sounds like a solid night! Becky
Customer: No one is contact me neither my problem is resolved. Agent: Sorry for the trouble .We have your contact details. Our concern team will get in touch with you. Rgds,Mohit
Customer: Hello, I need some help regarding the region change on my Apple Agent: This article should help with that
Customer: Question! Can we send a Gift Card maybe digital out of US? I am in Panama and want to send a gift card to someone in Panama Agent: Here to help! Please send us a note at and we will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: Erm I bought this item for £5.99... why am I only getting £1.67 back?! Agent: we would like to take a closer look into this refund for you. Please reach us at
Customer: hi paypal 我的paypal帐号无法登陆，我更换了手机号码，无法通过手机号码找回密码，能通过邮箱找回密码？ Agent: Hey there, thanks for reaching out. At this time, we only provide support in Chinese, English, French, German, J...
Customer: No it is for the promises made and now are taking back! Agent: Can you let us know more about what was promised? We’re here to help.
Customer: would you say this is light cheese or little to no cheese? Agent: we are sorry, Anthony! Did you order light cheese?
Customer: I got all of my Your sex and age reset on MWR and I do not know why. please help!!! Agent: Can you please give me your gamertag / platform you are playing on so I can pull up your account information.
Customer: can you message me I have a question Agent: Glad to help! We have sent you a message looking forward help you?
Customer: Why is there no phone number ?? I am literally stranded and now I have to wait for an automated reply this is ridiculous Agent: We have received your message and will follow up with you there.
Customer: Yes it is. Agent: Click the link to get started.
Customer: can you guys/gals please see about adding to your FoFX lineup of shows with the new contract???? Agent: Hey, Terry! we will be sure to share the interest in seeing Leverage stick aroundin adding Justified w/our content team!
Customer: I already tried this. It failed. Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: that is the point it is a good thing. You would not ask your chickens to lay uniform eggs or eect them to Agent: Of course, it is good to have a range of different sizes. Have a nice day. Aisha
Customer: I need but for trick or treating Agent: we are here to help. Can you please send us a message and more info so we can connect?
Customer: I will drive that jeep on a road trip to where ever it leads me Agent: please refer to to enter.
Customer: Wow. Thank you for responding I was thinking or...company link Agent: you are welcome. Have a great night!
Customer: アマゾンからショートメールで 有料サイト使用による未納料金が発生してる 的な詐欺ショートメール来た！アマゾン使ってない！！！ｗｗｗ Agent: ´`.｡oOご存知かと思いますが、当サイトからのご請求ではございませんので、ご連絡されませんように。。。 また、携帯大手3社をご利用の場合には、迷惑メール対策として、申告窓口を設置しています。今後受信しないためにも、各窓口へご申告ください。
Customer: why can’t I change ringer volume with the buttons? Whose dumb idea was it to change that and how do they still have a job? Agent: Let us look into that. What device and OS version are you using?
Customer: I was getting a BOOrito while your employees ordered Pizza Hut. Please tell me this is a Halloween trick to scare customers. Agent: That seems odd. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: Mac book pro, with Chrome Agent: In this case please contact my colleagues via They will help you! Regards
Customer: . what is up with the app and online ordering being down?!! Agent: Online ordering is turned off tonight for our annual Boorito promo, but it will be back on tomorrow. Becky
Customer: This is on my LG Nexus 5 running Android 6.0.1. My Oneplus 2 says the same thing. The app version is 2.12.0 as shown in the screenshot. Agent: Great thanks.
Customer: at duty free shop they ask me buy stuff to get the sealed bag Agent: Hi Prerak, the advise is actually correct. Please get the Sealed Bag from the Duty Free shop if you wish to bring in bottled liquids. Floi
Customer: I talked on the phone to someone who offered 10 percent off but that is not on the account yet. Still do not know delivery date. Agent: Which carrier was assigned to deliver your package today?
Customer: Just checked , still unavailable Agent: We have not launched there yet, but hopefully we will get there soon. Make sure to add your email in the link we sent earlier. Stay tuned /
Customer: delta moves you to message the moment you have a complaint with no results. Just got some bs answers but no real reason why they changed our seating! Agent: We sincerely apologize for your disappointment. We always strive to create a positive customer eerience.
Customer: your game broke. I️ keep getting an update failure? Error code1 Agent: Can you please try resetting your modem / router and clearing your consoles cache to fix this.
Customer: iOS11.1 consumes battery pretty fast.... Agent: let us see how you are using your battery so we can provide the best solution. To start, message us with the country where you are located.
Customer: Another safe and comfortable trip with Alaska! Thank you ! Agent: What a great photo. Thanks for choosing to fly with us. Kimball
Customer: Thank you nike Agent: you are welcome, William. Give us a shout if you need assistance with anything else. Good luck with the NRC app.
Customer: My apologies, it says now that the delivery date is October 31st. Still has not come though. Agent: Hi Mark! Deliveries will run up until 2100. Let us know what happens. Chuck
Customer: It was Amazon Logistics. But the device never made it to them and guaranteed Oct 31 slipped to eected Nov 12. Agent: we would like to look further into this. Please click the link and fill out the secure form
Customer: Well it is now 11 days after and still no sign of it Agent: Thanks for letting us know. Please send us a message with the current country you are in.
Customer: So this was supposed to be my “conjuring” face as we picked up our booritos from Agent: I dig it. We appreciate you stopping by! Becky
Customer: The picture shows the rainbow going into too. Burritos are blessed. Agent: we are the new pot of gold! Becky
Customer: not overly delighted at the long delay from Edinburgh today, nor the lack of information as to why or that I’m not home yet Agent: Can you let us know your flight number? we would like to feed this back? DaniH
Customer: At time of order, del date was . Carrier is AMZL . Agent: I would like a member of our team look into this for you. Please fill out this form
Customer: Could you please shed light on 1Z5776W10491633299? It is due for delivery today but has not budged since last week. Please advise. Agent: Please message us due to the limited characters so we can provide additional information.
Customer: when you get all the way home and they have you the wrong bowl.... ‍♂️ Agent: Well that is frustrating – my apologies. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: happy Halloween!!! Agent: Craziest day of the year! Becky
Customer: Excuse me when y’all gonna address the fact that some glitch is turning Is into hieroglyphics?! Agent: We want your predictions to be accurate. Please message us with the current version of iOS you have.
Customer: Your website comment form makes return trip a required field set. that is a problem for asking questions about 1way flights. Agent: Is this in our Comments/Complaints section?
Customer: not happy Flown for years with you, never again. Arrived back at Edinburgh Orlando then Gatwick 42 bags still in London. Agent: we are sorry about this, Janette. Our team are working hard to reunite our passengers with their bags as quickly as possible. DaniH
Customer: The amount of times my phone has froze since the newest update is ridiculous. get your shit together. Agent: we would love to help you fix the freezing. This article has steps to fix it
Customer: Honestly, I don’t care that much. You should just know that all 6 sausages ended up in the bin Agent: Hi Rhys, thanks for letting us know. I have log this feed back anonymously. Thanks, James.
Customer: Thank you. Agent: You are most welcome. If there is anything we can do to assist you in the future, please do not hesitate to reach back out.
Customer: Trying to order bonded DSL but getting conflicting answers from customer support. Help!! Agent: I will help if I can, Chris. Can you message the specifics of what you are inquiring about? Mike
Customer: mobileCare I have some starz channels coming up, but I am not a subscriber and I do not want to see charges for this... help! Agent: Hello. I can help with that Starz issue. Can you message us your account information pleaes?
Customer: Aahhrrgh! Keep mum, I’m still watching Agent: do not you worry Carol, my lips are shut!! Chloe
Customer: Good call, delicious burrito as always! Agent: I am glad the burrito was delicious. And you are right – there is always next year. Becky
Customer: are there no longer MSPMKE nonstop flights? Agent: Hey, there. We still offer that route, but it may not be on a preferred travel date! Apologies for any inconvenience.
Customer: Oi ! Where the veggi sausage rolls at!?! Agent: We do not have any Siena... sorry!
Customer: Yes... but on a different computer... but the new computer is authorized with the same Adobe . Agent: This question is best suited for our eerts at You can search or post a new question our community is there. Raj
Customer: pin code of current location <number> Agent: Request you to share connection type, so we will assit you better. Regards, Shruti
Customer: I am a TMobile customer getting the runaround from to unlock ported phones. Now my kids do not have phones 2nite. Help! Agent: Get started here Conversation will be continued in your secured web browser.
Customer: call centre has the worst customer serivce ever. keep you on hold for endless hours without an apology. Mum is not happy! Agent: we are disappointed to hear this Stephen. Is there something you would like our assistance with? Kit
Customer: Apparently everyone in NYC with has lost internet connection Agent: Good morning. If you would please message your account or phone number, I will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: i have a question about jump. I have jump and currently have a 6s im looking to get the Agent: We can definitely assist you with that! Send us a message and we will look into your upgrade options! HeatherSaenz
Customer: I fly a ton to LAS, unfortunately it never comes with! Agent: Well I am sure I speak for most of western Washington when I say thanks for trying! Tara
Customer: refuses to provide me with a copy of my contract, even though they’re quoting it to justify stealing 800 from me Agent: You can send us a message by clicking the link below. cr
Customer: any info on when we can buy the CODWWII season pass on the Microsoft Store? Agent: Good afternoon, sadly I do not have information on that. Sincerest apologies.
Customer: Anybody else having a problem with WorldSeries2017 broadcast looking choppy on ? Agent: Oh no, is this happening on all your TVs and does it impact commercials?
Customer: Kindly return my prime membership amount Agent: Please connect with our support team here for further assistance on it.
Customer: Thanks for the 3 burrito bowl! halloweentreats Agent: You look WONDERful! Thanks for stopping by. Becky
Customer: I did. But elevate line says I need to call Alaska and v/v. My elevate gold is in . Agent: No problem, can you send me your confirmation code in a message so I can take a look? Sean
Customer: gave me food poisoning and I’ve never been more heartbroken in my life Agent: that is incredibly concerning. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: Well, this sure makes for an easy connection. It seems I always get them at the least necessary times though... firstworldproblems Agent: Thanks for sharing your feedback with us Travis. We will be sure to share your concerns with Leadership.
Customer: I do not have any card, so cannot fill the required field. I just want to know if it is a service only for inside USA or not, before purchase. Agent: Happy to take a closer look! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: I preordered the standard edition of cod ww2. Can I change it to deluxe edition somehow Agent: Glad to help! Please follow us via Twitter and let us know so we can send you a Direct Message with further instructions.
Customer: ever since I upgraded to Ulimited Data, my LTE speeds are TERRIBLE Is there a fix?! Agent: we will refer this to our wireless colleagues since we handle Fios and DSL accounts. They will be in touch.
Customer: the queue is clueless on Amazon Household Agent: I am sorry for the frustration! Without giving account/personal details, can you please provide us with more info?
Customer: is there an issue with cable and Internet in Towson, MD not able to fix anything or reach anyone... Agent: You can check for any outages based on your account here.
Customer: no! it just says amount due 27.04 Agent: Can you please follow and message us.
Customer: Found a hair in my veg biryani on flight I5784 today. The flight attendant swapped it As Soon As Possible but a disgrace still Agent: gtgtto the relevant team for investigation. Do submit an official feedback too via our eForm for further assistance. Thanks.Floi
Customer: Purolator put my Amazon order on the wrong truck so now it is not getting her until tomorrow Agent: I am very sorry for the delay. Please keep us posted on the arrival. We want to make sure you get your order.
Customer: sells phones that are unusable in other companies. They can unlock them but they do not Agent: Can you please send us a DM, so that be can able to further look into this issue pertaining your device being unlocked?
Customer: cannot request an address at a mall anymore so i have to call every driver to meet me at the other side or walk. Will there be a fix? Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here, and our team will follow up.
Customer: I already emailed y’all. Agent: I am sorry about the link. For a faster response, contact us by phone here without signing in.
Customer: The only reason to spend thousands on a fursuit! 3 burritos at !!!! Agent: Nicely done! Becky
Customer: just picked up your festive food brochure, won’t be ordering from you again this year as you only seem to do turkeys for footy teams Agent: Hi Laura, we have a wide variety of sizes in store and online from sizes serving 34 people to 1516 people.Hope this helps. TyBrian
Customer: are you kidding me with this customer service! It’s terrible. Agent: Hi there, we have replied to your DM!
Customer: Why must I pay 149 versus my contracted 29 due to your inefficiency. Customercare is an oxymoron for your company. Agent: Hi Gary, can you tell us a little more about what is going on?
Customer: you failed me, seriously a burrito and queso when I ordered a salad?! And no request to get this fixed... help me out! Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: Wish I could give Uber drivers 5 stars while simultaneously giving the app a 0 star rating for giving the wrong directions Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: Astros have a chance to win their first WorldSeries championship tonight and is out in my Cypress neighborhood. Agent: Hello. I can provide updates on the service interruption. Please send a message with your full name, address and phone number.
Customer: I am here for all of the halfass costumes at for halfprice booritos Agent: what is been the best one you have seen? Becky
Customer: I’ve just earned a £6 promo for a purchase of gift cards. Where within my account is it? I can’t find it? I’ve got a confirmation Agent: I am sorry you are not seeing the credit! Many promos apply at checkout. You can learn more here
Customer: Hi. I have booking my ticket from KL Sydney on 28may2018. It was my mistake, it should be SydneyKL. So can I change? Agent: Hi There,kindly message us your booking number for us to assist you further Anwar
Customer: It says wrong product has sent .. refund cannot be given ... You kindly ask ur courier guy n confirm me what was given to him .. Agent: Kindly reply to the email that we have sent. we will investigate this further.
Customer: delivery I paid for today,didn’t arrive.why not?i paid enough for it.where is it??I’m unhappy.refund the delivery charge Agent: Oh no! Please contact us via phone/chat here we are unable to view order details via Twitter.
Customer: he platinado Horizon Zero Dawn el /2017 y no he recibido el tema exclusivo vía mail. ¿podrían revisarlo? IDRezequiel. Agent: Hola Ezequiel! Por favor siguenos en Twitter para poder brindarte asistencia por mensajes directos.
Customer: it’s been doing this for two days... cmon Agent: we are anxious for you to have access to your downloads. Have you had a chance to restart the iPhone? If not, let us do that now.
Customer: no luck on receiving the code by text or call, will I loose my account, yesterday a phone representative tried to help already Agent: I am sorry for the challenge signing in. Please use the link from above again so that we can help. Keep us updated!
Customer: Every time I go to , I gotta get my burrito double wrapped. Agent: So extra. Becky
Customer: I app. the reply. Iphone 7. Not finishing for an 8 or an X just fix the SW. I can’t go another week with the 7 Agent: we are asking which version you are running as we released iOS 11.1 today. It may help address the issues you have been eeriencing.
Customer: Wowgreat customer service ! Thank you! Agent: that is great to hear! Thanks for being such an awesome guest with us! Sean
Customer: Ordered one simple camera from 3x and all the 3x it’s been lost in transit. Ha you’ve got to be kidding me.. Agent: I am very sorry about your lost package, Lodi! we would like to help! Please reach out to us here
Customer: my order hasn’t arrived it was due 14th October. Can you help? Agent: Hey Georgia! Sorry you have not received your package. we would love to help! What does the current tracking say on your order?
Customer: . Thanks to your AMAZING customer service, you have just lost 2 customers who have spent nearly 1500 this year. GREAT WORK! Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
Customer: where does a customer goes to share his/her concerns about the fullfillment centre Agent: Could you please elaborate your concern about the fulfillment center so that I can assist you accordingly?
Customer: Spent my day calling trying to get service activated, but they do not seem to want me as a customer! Agent: Hey Sara! Thanks for reaching out, send us a message and we will assist you here ChanneyT
Customer: Battery life just got worst. Agent: we will make sure to get this straightened out. message us, and we will see you there.
Customer: Thanks for contacting. Had to do a box reset. Seens to be working fine now. Will contact if problem occurs again. Agent: Okay, was there anything else I could help with?
Customer: I switched to with my fully paid off Verizon LG G6 and cannot get data on TMobiles network. Any way this can be fixed? Agent: Hey Benjamin, there may be some settings that need to be changed. Shoot us a message and we can help! KittyG
Customer: . wouldn’t let me purchase a tortilla on the side? Where’s the nearest ? Also these handles are trash. I’m tired. Agent: We should give that to you for free. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: There was only one costing a lot more than £20 and FBA stating eligibility ! Agent: we would like to take a look into this with you. When you have a moment, please reach out to us here
Customer: hey can I have my internet now? Agent: Oh...thats a problem. Thank you for bringing this to our attention , we will get the webpage corrected as soon as possible. Chris
Customer: Been having an issue for a couple hours now trying to signup and now access my new account. Help? Agent: Hi there! I have sent a reply to your message.
Customer: What kind of details do you need? From Friday afternoon when I first opened dialup PPP, massive data churning. Agent: let us dig further into your concern. Just to clarify, were there any recent changes prior to this issue? Any error message?
Customer: Amazon適当にいるものポチってたら勝手にプライム会員にされてた Agent: 今回のご注文で、無料でお急ぎ便等をご利用されませんでしたか？ その場合、無料体験の登録となり、更新をOFFにしないと有料会員へ移行します。意図しないご加入で不要であれば、自動更新の設定変更をお願いします。
Customer: I redeemed a VC code for nba 2k18 that I got from Best Buy. It said it was successful but I didn’t get the Agent: No problem. Please follow the steps in the next link for issues downloading additional content
Customer: I received an error message. And another when I tried to set it up again in settings Agent: let us give the steps in this article a try, and keep us posted on the results please
Customer: Since I updated my iPhone I can’t download apps now. Thanks Agent: Are you on the latest iOS 11.1 version?
Customer: I want to know your office locations in Lagos amp AbujaNigeria, and respective contact numbers for travel purpose.Thanks. Agent: Hi, please contact our Lagos office on 234 70 <number> 556 Monday to Friday Open <number> Saturday Open <number>. Helen
Customer: one of your drivers just started my ride without picking me up Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: Thanks for your crap cable platform freezing and marking me miss the last 15 minuets of The Flash lame Agent: with your full name, address, and account number so I can assist further with your concerns.
Customer: Heyyy still waiting on a version of iOS 11 that isn’t complete shit — Everyone with any iPhone that isn’t the brand new one Agent: Thanks for reaching out. If you are having issues, we would like to assist. message us and we will continue there.
Customer: I unable to add money to my Amazon wallet. I called customer service but no action since one month Agent: I am sorry for the trouble. Could you tell us more about the issue you are facing while adding amount to your pay balance?
Customer: Yes, one was pan. I guess those are smaller. Agent: Pans only come in mediums at this time.
Customer: Shoutout to for 3 burritos if you dressed up, y’all real ones love Agent: we have got your back, my friend. What was your costume? Becky
Customer: when will the other 2 major networks stream live on Hulu live? Agent: We do currently offer a 4 networks in many areas, but this will vary by ZIP. We can share the interest in the Durhamarea.
Customer: Tastes worst than it looks. Agent: let us make up. message us.
Customer: Why did you get rid of the feature to add a picture to your phone from the computer? That is extremely annoying!!! Agent: the listing from phone or computer to access that photo. Was this feature in the Sell Your Item form, or somewhere else?
Customer: Done and done. Agent: We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: Will provide info. By The Way entire show is present this AM and commercials are gone. Agent: The ads will be removed. We hope this helps elain and look forward to your call/chat.
Customer: is this where I report an outage? Agent: Yes, please send us a direct message for assistance.
Customer: The Arbys on wickersham Rd , highway 370 , nebraska Agent: If you should need any additional assistance, please feel free to share additional comments here
Customer: What kind of Crunchwrap is that Agent: This should not happen. Where did you get this?
Customer: I have just sent you a message with details. Thanks for your help Agent: Thank you for that. We have responded to your message with more information.
Customer: Checked the three dots and saw the download option and then my song appeared. It works.. but it feels hidden. Thank you for your interest Agent: you are welcome! We can see how that’d be handy. Thanks for taking the time to reach out – your feedbacks been noted /
Customer: I’m standing in front of it Agent: Press and hold the alarm silence / ONT reboot button for 30 seconds.
Customer: 2nd order in a row that failed to be delivered due to damage. No call, no email no apology shameful Agent: Can you please message your full name, address and email? I can look into this for you. TY Chris
Customer: it has become obvious dat my units are taken illegally. I recharged 300 last week never called for even a minute but yesterday... Agent: Afternoon Daytonye, kindly provide your mobile number for checks and assistance.
Customer: Jamas volvere a comprar en v Agent: ¡Hola! Lamentamos cualquier molestia ocasionada, ¿puedes contarnos lo sucedido?
Customer: My lips are sealed Agent: Somebody else has told me!! I am gutted Chloe
Customer: Hey in Family Manager there is a EMail Address I do not know. How do I remove them from the Family Members? Agent: Hi! Go to Settingsgtarental Controls/Family Management.gtFamily Management.gt Select the Usergt Delete User Profile.
Customer: Just another World Series tweet to remind you that TV is the worst Agent: We assure you we are here to help. Have you been able to reach out to our team for further assistance
Customer: could of been at game 6 of the WS but of course has not fixed my issue and i never received the text or call smh. Thanks alot Agent: Hey Keith, this seems very concerning. What issues are you eeriencing? Please message us so we can further assist you!
Customer: fail. Pilots seat will not adjust and he discovers this 2mins before departure so we now wait 1hr for repair. preFlightFail Agent: Sorry Baruch, but Safety comes first. We appreciate your patience.
Customer: . You have a message looks like I need your heroics after all! Agent: Hey! Thank you for sending a DM. I have messaged you back.
Customer: i tested it and it works with all games I have played. Agent: Please start your system in safe mode and select restore default settings. Steps here
Customer: you pay for prime eecting next day delivery. Then receive 2 emails half hr apart failed delivery but your sitting at home Agent: I am sorry your parcel was not delivered. Please reach us here so we can look into this with you.
Customer: Is it possible to add a middle name to a flight reservation? Is it necessary? Agent: Not always necessary. Our Reservations Team will be able to assist at 800 <number> Kimball
Customer: I try to like and I do not want to cancel but there is nothing to watch can even watch dragon ball in English that is awful Agent: Oh no! We cannot promise anything, but we will share the interest in seeing Dragon Ball dubbed. What other shows are you missing?
Customer: why am I unable to get NBATV ch 726. Been getting “Sorry, we’re having some trouble” for couple days now. PayingExtraForSportsPkg Agent: We can take a look at this for you. Could you message us your full address and the primary name on the account. Xavier
Customer: it would be really awesome if you guys could finally come out with an Apple TV app Agent: We will pass your suggestion along! Thanks so much!
Customer: I know you guys are busy but don’t undercook brown rice Agent: That should not be happening. Which location did you visit? I would like to follow up. Becky
Customer: what will happen if you received a booking confirmation via email but you card has not yet been charge? should i be worry? Agent: Hi Mary, kindly message us your booking number for us to check further Anwar
Customer: I am so anxious to see that my Xbox one X will be shipping. I am seeing other people get their confirmations. where is mine Agent: I am sorry you have not received an update on your shipping details! You can check your order here
Customer: I will always stand by Taco Bell, but they did me dirty tonight and I am truly offended. Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: I am using a PS4 system Agent: Sorry to know that. Please follow the steps in the next link Let us know the outcome!
Customer: Yes, sorry i mean iOS 11, when I texting my keyboard it’s very slow and my battery it consumes very fast. Agent: Are you currently using Low Power Mode? If so, disable that from Settings gt Battery and restart. Let us know in message if it helps.
Customer: Please fix the battery issues in Ios 11! Agent: We want to make sure you have a working battery. Have you had a chance to update to the latest 11.1?
Customer: I tried to purchase food bacon bap/sandwich and drink for my 3 children but they ran out we were in row 14.so they had nothing. Agent: Did you get home okay, Sheena? Please let us know if you have any out of pocket eenses. Helen
Customer: badcustomerservice bankofamerica Agent: We apologize for the delay in calling you. We will connect with you at the number you sent us. jv
Customer: Flying to Seatac tomorrow afternoon. All checked in. Agent: We cannot wait to welcome you onboard, Thomas. Thank you for choosing us!
Customer: 100 billion says that solves my problem? I’m on 11.0.3 currently. Hold please. Agent: Let us know and we will continue from there.
Customer: Dear cute flight attendant . I’m board...just sayin’ Agent: Oh! Thanks for noticing!
Customer: Warum ist es mir und scheinbar auch ein paar anderen nicht möglich per Bankeinzug zu bezahlen? Agent: Hier findest du alle Infos darüber
Customer: done Agent: Thank you. Someone should be in contact with you no later than tomorrow morning. Becky
Customer: Can’t order online because of this stupid dress up for a damn 3 burrito event! blocked online ordering. ‍♀️ Agent: My apologies for any frustration, but it will be back on tomorrow. Becky
Customer: my colleagues for more info on how this is affecting services, thanks. Agent: Hi. Emergency services are dealing with an incident, info here
Customer: Hey , please start carrying Daiyas Spinach amp Mushroom Pizza in Cedar Rapids, IA! Agent: We know how important it is to find the products you love. we have shared your request with the Merchandising team.
Customer: LookingBack Bags are packed!Tomorrow we hop on a flight headed for Washington D.C. EOYDCGoes DC College Tour 2017 you ready? Agent: Woohoo! We cannot wait to welcome everyone onboard with us!
Customer: i stayed at the Hampton Inn in Silver Spring last night and I have 10 bites on my legs and arms bedbugs? Agent: Our apologies. Please follow and message with full name, exact hotel on reservation and your email address. Thank you.
Customer: Queso Yes Or No Agent: Yes! With chips is my favorite. Becky
Customer: we all know walmart is better in terms of a lot of things so I LOVE WALMART Agent: We love you too, Angel. Thanks for having our back! Pia
Customer: Done Agent: Thank you for the DM! I will meet you there! AdamJudge
Customer: Really, OK ta. Agent: Hi Benny, sorry for the delay in replying! they are available now for our Delivery Saver customers Thanks Emma
Customer: i get mbps but what i dont understand is why everything keeps buffering like i get less than a Mb Agent: What site are you accessing that you see buffering with? Have you had a chance to run tracerts to verify the issue?
Customer: Apparently dinner is not happening tonight. Surge pricing on and s website is broken. Agent: Thanks for this message. Sorry for the trouble. Please message us with your email address amp we will reach out right away!
Customer: How do I get rid of this notification? Agent: let us see how we can help. Is that the message you see when trying to swipe the notification and get to the app?
Customer: If you don’t share it, I will just call the corporate number and ask for the office of the president. Agent: We would handle these types of inquiries as we are part of the corporate team. We do not have a number to provide...
Customer: will this erase my game data if i restore default settings? Agent: No these steps will not delete your game data.
Customer: /2...2 docs did open, duplicated themselves, now none open after I closed them. Agent: Please send us a message and we will go from there.
Customer: 50 minutes sitting on the runways waiting for “extra cargo” to get loaded on the plane. 110 late at this point amp no updates. Agent: Sorry to hear about your eerience. Please message me your 6letter conf. code. I can give you a status update. Kimball
Customer: Dear this new update sucks ,I have too many problems with my phone now ! Blurry screen , black screen , frozen phone ! Agent: Getting the eected performance from your iPhone is very important to us. Let us know the exact iOS version to get started.
Customer: mobileCare I received a box. I will not open it. I ordered nothing. Agent: Hello, I apologize if this was sent in error. Can you please message us and we can take a look at what was sent?
Customer: Dear get your shit together. I am stuck in drive thru for over 20 minutes and only 5 cars in front of me. Agent: that is not cool. Where did this happen?
Customer: again acted as disappoiment and spoiler. This is 2nd time when delivery of order was confirmed on call and then it was canceled Agent: I apologize for this. May I know if you have connected with our support team regarding this?
Customer: Not into . Did not come to the right part of my complex and left instead of contacting me. Then charges for the food. Agent: Oh no! message us the email on your account so we can investigate!
Customer: I can’t receive calls or call anybody it’s agent what should I do Agent: Inbox your number we check.
Customer: Nice chilled birthday drink at before flying to losangeles tomorrow for work Agent: Very nice, Richard. Please have one for us! We hope you had a great birthday! Lolly
Customer: My husband with our 1yr baby was refused a blanket cuz it was for first class only on a red eye flight willneverhavemymoney Agent: On domestic flights blankets are only offered in First Class. We love traveling families and are sorry for any rudeness.
Customer: Been calling sprint all week! Been on hold for a whole hour with today and still have not resolved my issue! I am calling Agent: Hey Malika, this is not the kind of feedback we like to hear! Please send us a message elaborating on the issue. we are here to help!
Customer: and I each got one it makes me happy not have to cook dinner thanks HappyHalloween Agent: No need to cook dinner on a night like tonight! Becky
Customer: So i went to and this is what i get... Agent: We need to make up. message us.
Customer: Hey , what does this mean? Agent: It means we have a label created but have not yet received the package. You should be seeing scans tomorrow night.
Customer: I was first in your store on the 27th, it’s a shame the esig isn’t an electronic form signed in stores, lot of time/energy wasted. Agent: Whats going on Sophia? message us and we will check this out! MelJ
Customer: again. I have 14.92 in my balance I am trying to place an order for 13 and it says that cannot verify payment profile Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: . InDesign 2018 is unbelievably buggy. Please fix asap. adobe Agent: Would you mind providing more details about the issue? we would certainly follow up. Raj
Customer: Tells me code has been redeemed possibly because I attempted it several times thinking it was my connection or is it applied already? Agent: the code that you are redeeming typed out! Thanks
Customer: i’m 4 months away from being 21 and have driving eerience including delivery. i feel i should be able to drive now instead of waiting to be 21 Agent: Hi! Please visit for more information.
Customer: The only redeeming quality of Halloween is 3 booritos at . amp Wearing scrubs in public w/o feeling like a tool. Agent: Win/win/win Becky
Customer: . app doesn’t work anymore in the 6ix. Lame. Agent: We shut it off for our Boorito promotion, but it will be back on tomorrow. My apologies for any frustration. Becky
Customer: why are my I ‘s changing into I️ ?!!!!! Agent: Interesting. let us look into this. Which iOS version is showing in Settings gt General gt About?
Customer: I waited 15 days,sent 10 email,was assured tht case escalted,todays response WE CANNOT HELP,customer service? Agent: we would like to investigate this, please share your details here with detailed info.
Customer: Thank you but unsure how that’s going to help as just says “put for delivery and arriving today when I know it proberly won’t Agent: I can understand your reluctance, but we can provide you with additional options depending on who the seller is.
Customer: Can I check a bag that weighs 72 lbs? I am fine with any fees, just want to check on the process, if any. Thank You Agent: Are you traveling within the US?
Customer: It is a doorstep pick up but I need to bear the charges for the courier while I am struggling to get a refund for the already paid order Agent: Was a pick up arranged on your order or were you asked to selfreturn it? Please tell us more.
Customer: i emailed the person back with my address. But haven’t heard or received anything Agent: Thank you for checking back in with us. Our Guest Support team should be sending you a followup message.
Customer: We got the 3 halloween burritos Agent: Success! Becky
Customer: What i meant is that..usually the staff will stick one of the barcode label from the baggage tag on to the pax tix. That barcode label Agent: gtgtat Bag Drop counter put a bag tag to your checkin bags to avoid such issue again. Thanks for your patience. Floi
Customer: Nope. Nothing between BTN and Fox. Agent: Thanks for checking! let us go ahead and try these If this continues, reach out
Customer: Warning ac cannot be determined Agent: as it contains service. Direct message the details after trying the steps to assist you further.
Customer: I walked out of custom area without picking up my checked in bag in Montreal. Not sure how to call Delta and file a claim. Agent: Oh my, Varanthan. Please reach out to our Baggage team at <number> for assistance.
Customer: 11.0.3 Agent: Thanks. let us continue the conversation in .
Customer: azhelp How do I create a custom attribute that I can then use for my Exchange Online users? Agent: Are you still seeing this issue? Please let us know if there is anything we can do to help.
Customer: my evangelist Lyft driver is taking me to get weed Agent: Hi, there. Lyft has a strict zerotolerance policy, for both drivers and passengers. Do not bring drugs/paraphernalia into a Lyft.
Customer: I ordered food through uber eats. I did not get the delivery. Please contact me. Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: what is this in my food?? Agent: that is very troubling. Please write to us so we can investigate Becky
Customer: message Agent: Hi there, Glad to help! Please make sure you are following us, so we can assist you better via a Direct Message.
Customer: yup, AppleTV. ¡Gracias! Agent: No problem! we will also share the interest in seeing a Jump to live feature readded with our dev team!
Customer: iphone 7 and i have the most recent update for spotify Agent: Thanks. Just to be sure, are you Free or Premium? Also, can you give us more info on what happens when you try using it? /
Customer: landed from Bangkok by Air Asia flight and luggage was broken during flight for my brother in law. Waited almost 30 mnts but no air asia staff at counter. Now left the airport. Pics attached. Kindly solve this. Agent: gtgtand contact number via DM, Thank you Mariya
Customer: By The Way giving out 3 burritos if you dress up for Halloween Call your Chipotle to make sure, they’re doing it select ones Agent: All of our U.S. locations are participating! Becky
Customer: 1Z6E6Y548577784432 Agent: The tracking number you provided is not valid. Can you please message me your correct tracking number?
Customer: 3rd time I have gone to and paid for a bread bowl I did not get Agent: Oh no! The bread bowl is the best part! Can you message us with your order number? we would be happy to look into this and help.
Customer: Loving the Halloween decorations at ! And the free TrickOrTreat cocktail from HappyHalloween Agent: Like all good ghosts, we love free boos! Bottoms up and see you again soon!
Customer: I️ lt— What The F... is going on Agent: we would be happy to look into this with you more in detail. Please reach out to us via message and we will get started.
Customer: Any help here ? Agent: Hi Jason, please let us know if there is anything we can do to help. Thanks!
Customer: I DM’d y’all 10 minutes ago .I’m still on hold.... Agent: Apologies, we do not see any DMs. we will try sending one to you right now.
Customer: Just got recognized at as the guy who buys shopping carts full of sports equipment by an employee. I think I am here too often!!! Agent: We disagree, Dylan. we are excited that you are choosing us, for all your sporting needs. Sabi
Customer: Im not receiving 2step code by text or call in my smartphone cannot log in into my account already got help by phone with no luck Agent: Sorry you are having problems logging in. Please let us know which Amazon site you are using .com .es. Thanks.
Customer: Seems I have a virus, I’ve been getting these popups Agent: Your security is our absolute priority. Visit this link for info on pop up adds in Safari
Customer: I deleted it Agent: Can you un delete it. Check the deleted folder
Customer: Can we just reiterate how much we love flying ? That becomes more clear any time we have to fly with someone else SWhasourheart Agent: We could listen to your kind words all day! We hope to have you onboard with us again soon.
Customer: I include them on my tweets. They do not respond. You need to dump . They are reflecting badly on Agent: we are very sorry. we have forwarded it to our team that handles WiFi.
Customer: , can you hook me up with your reimbursement policy for lost bags? Ours did not make it to our final destination. Agent: Oh no! So sorry to hear that. Please file an incident report with our Agents in the Baggage Office. They will be your best resource.
Customer: Just created a developer acct but could not login as it dint provide me any password.When tried to reset asking me city i born? Agent: Hi Kirit, Please message the email address provided at the time of registration and I will get it checked.
Customer: contacted You since /17 about 3 overcharges to my account. As of 10/ 29 no credit to my account for 55.98. Want by Agent: Sorry! We see that our Viewer Eerience team was able to provide more insight over the phone. we will share your feedback.
Customer: Sad that I have to be done with this order is already an hour late. 6979 more minutes?! Agent: Hi Josie, Please message us your info and we will investigate this for you right away. Thanks DoorDash
Customer: Just booked a last minute trip to Cancun YAY! BUT now CHARGES EXTRA to reserve MOST SEATS. Not Cool! Agent: I am sorry. Have a great trip. Andre
Customer: MacOS Sierra is taking up over 100G of my 120G SSD. Why does it take up that much space and can I do anything about it? Agent: let us team up in message and determine how we can clear up this space. You can reach us at the link below.
Customer: Hey Your website is the only financial site to prompt me to confirm that I want to sign off. Is this a real issue? Agent: Thanks for the feedback. I will pass it along to the proper support team. Have a great day.
Customer: So just left London on the train. 430pm. I was supposed to leave London this morning at 10am. Thanks . Morons. Agent: Oh no! We are very sorry for the delay in responding and for your delay. it is very upsetting to call us that. Oliver
Customer: is there an email i can message? Ive been trying to buy premuim for a few days but i keep getting the card bad day error. Agent: Hey, we can help here on Twitter! Could you send us a message with your accounts email address? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: Really don’t like the New HULU upgrades. Says my list is empty 90 of the time, and doesn’t show what is one the 90 of the time. Agent: Oh no! If powering off your device and modem/router does not help, please contact us via phone or chat
Customer: we are past the 30 min mark and no luggage. No baggage agent either. Flight 670 Seattle to Austin Agent: I apologize for the wait, Nerissa. Be sure to see any of our customer service agents, and they will issue our baggage service guarantee voucher. Sara
Customer: Sorry mean <number> Agent: JW
Customer: Can get me that pollo regio tho! Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: Seems like it is a random issue, checked just now mike and molly episodes are back Agent: Awesome! Happy streaming
Customer: ilysm thank You for this 3 bowl happy halloween bae Agent: We love you right back, fam. Becky
Customer: why did flight 783 just post a two hour delay Agent: Hey Matthew, flight 783 is showing a late arriving aircraft. New departure is showing 910 pm. Sean
Customer: package tracks as delivered, but did not receive. Need for school project! 1ZR5427A0294522617 Agent: I would be happy to look into this for you! Please message your delivery address and phone number.
Customer: Yerwada, Pune delivery folks r habituated/instructed to mark package delivered, wen customer not reachable n product nt delivered Agent: I am sorry to know about the conflicting tracking update. Have you reported this to our team here ?
Customer: Help me surprise my 93 year old grandma for her birthday this weekend? All I need are my change fees waived! Agent: Please message your record locator and let us know what youd like to change.
Customer: is there an outtage in Queen Anne? Internet no longer working. Agent: and the phone number associated with the account so I can assist with this issue. Thanks!
Customer: Hey , why is your Prime 2day delivery not arriving until Monday? Is there a holiday I do not know about? Agent: Most items are readily available for shipping however, some are not and may have a longer processing time than others.
Customer: Neither SD or HD for NBC or ABC can be seen. An error message says <number>. Rebooting didn’t help. Agent: My apologies about that, please send us a Direct Message so we can look into that for you.
Customer: WHERES MY PC CASE AMAZON. Are loss memes organic. Agent: I am sorry you have received your item! Can you please tell us the intended delivery date stated in your order confirmation email?
Customer: Oh by the way...1 hour and 17 minutes now on hold Agent: We can certainly take a look to verify for you. Please follow and message us.
Customer: pathetic customer service. New low in ecommerce. Trying to raise a return request 5 times. Fail Agent: Sorry for the trouble while raising a return request. May I know if you have been asked to self return the item?
Customer: funny how I cannot cancel my little brothers account or contact you about it hmm Agent: Hello, for safety reasons only the accounts parental guardian or the account user can contact us for account issues.
Customer: I have two vouchers but cannot seem to track down my confirmation numbers. Anyway to look them up? Thanks! Agent: Hey, Jennifer. You have two travel funds, correct? Unfortunately, we do not track travel funds. Do you possibly have the emails?
Customer: stuck on the tarmac for one hour in a hot plane flight DL2170 From SLC losing Thousands on a business deal in LA! Unexceptable! Agent: Our teams are working to get you safely to LAX asap. My apologies for the delayed flight and the conditions.
Customer: Its the first time i learn that whisky bottles not allowed to checkin? Agent: Hi There, it is not advisable to bring as check in item as the risk to be broken is there,hope it clarify Thanks Anwar
Customer: So there is no reimbursement for customer paying extra to be able to watch it? verizon Univision Agent: We can have you work with an agent. Send us a message so we may verify your info to get started.
Customer: Haha I’ll take it Agent: Phew. Enjoy your flight!
Customer: ordered what was on the box for my sister’s wedding gift, that’s what came out of the box. What gives?! Agent: I am sorry for the trouble! we would like to review available options with you. Please reach out to us here
Customer: Perhaps were hoping Crusty Hall would go up in flames so the kiddiewinkies could toast marshmallows on Nov 5th? X x x Agent: Hi, I am sorry about this. Please follow me and message your order number and I can look at this for you. Laurence.
Customer: taxi is 3 minutes away 15 mins later still no change Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: Hey so my package has not arrived yet. Can I get this sorted please Agent: While we cannot access order or account details through social media, we would still like to help! Please reach us directly via phone or chat so we can investigate
Customer: Pilots seat won’t adjust. Hour and a half delay... oh and that wasn’t found out until we were ready to leave the gate. spot on Agent: We regret any inconvenience, Ben. Safety is our top priority, and we appreciate your patience.
Customer: I would drive accross countryjustforyousweepstakes Agent: Hey! Is there anything we can assist you with?
Customer: installed the alexa app,but it does not take my India address alexa weather gives me report of Seattle instead of Pune. Agent: credentials. Click on Settings and set country to India.
Customer: Bru why tf would I spend 146 on a uber ride ?! I kould go get a rental for da day with dat bullshit ! Agent: we will take a look! Kindly send us a note via so our team can connect.
Customer: I already tried that last time. I will not go back, and I have advised others I know to avoid it as well. Agent: We sincerely apologize. Please message us your contact information amp we will make this right.
Customer: Will do in morning. By the way, I’ve complained about this same issue 3 times and twice before directly to carrier. Agent: When you have a moment, please phone us here
Customer: trying to edit API connection in Logic App but all I get is TemplateBladeVirtualPart what to do? Agent: Hi, are you able to direct message us a few more details about this?
Customer: Nice try Jen, wrong sport though ‍♂️ Agent: Touchdown!
Customer: i use to buy tickets on your app but tonight I have this message ...can you resolve my problem? Agent: we are terribly sorry for the inconvenience. Try uninstall and reinstall said app. It should be working fine Mariya
Customer: 勝手にAmazonプライム会員になってて毎月会員費とられてた Agent: 1/2意図しないご登録となり申し訳ありません。プライム無料体験をご利用ではなかったでしょうか。ご登録後に自動更新をオフに設定されていない場合、体験期間終了後に有料会員へと移行となります。
Customer: What The F... is this “! ?box” shit I️ keep seeing? Or someone just answer it plz Laughing Out Loud Agent: Let us help. Tell us which device you are using, and the version of iOS 11 you have installed.
Customer: Hi! Already called your computerized, nonhuman support. And what is an “account name”? I have an email I have a phone number. Agent: The account name is the actual name on your account, such as Steve Averill. If you have any further questions or ...
Customer: Nope, never. Agent: I do apologize for any frustrations, if there is anything else that we can do for you, please let us know. ~
Customer: what the fuck ? Agent: we are here for you. let us work together to locate your photos. Did you just recently restore your device, by any chance?
Customer: Thanks for being so responsive. Agent: Thank you for your time, Alexa!
Customer: firstly Cabin Service Manager Lesley Thomson is fantastic and went above and beyond during a flight from Vegas to Heathrow Agent: Hi Kevin, we do not like to read this. Did our crew offer to move your seat? Helen
Customer: Thanks. If it helps, the specific use case is a corporate directory, then a separate directory for external customers. Agent: In this case, we would recommend filing a free billing support case here Feel free to keep us updated.
Customer: NEFollowers wallsend smallbusiness What time is Argos open on Black Friday in Newcastle, Metrocentre and Sil... Agent: Hi, Please can i take the post code for these stores so i can check this for you ? Imanni
Customer: hey. Just upgraded to the live tv subscription but my 3rd gen Apple TV won’t do live....or am I wrong? Agent: Sadly, Live TV is not supported on that generation of Apple TV. You should be able to access it through
Customer: My cancelled because he got lost in the parking lot somehow. Too cold for this tonight Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: Uno de mis envíos acaba de ser devuelto, llevaba dos semanas en las instalaciones de mi ciudad. ¿Qué pasa? Agent: Hola Raúl. Lamento saber de esto.Puedes contactar nuestro Servicio al Cliente en este enlace
Customer: I have updated to iOS 11.1 just now. I shall check out these WiFi hotspots tomorrow and later in the week. Agent: Sounds good. Let us know the results in message and we will continue working with you there. Thanks again.
Customer: hi, how much time that I can get the answer? Pls check my message Agent: we have replied you via DM.ThanksEmir
Customer: Could you confirm falls within your offices jurisdiction? I have been defrauded, refuses to mediate. Agent: Hello Michael! We will send you a message shortly.
Customer: All m getting is apologies but no refund.. everything is online, unable to understand the delay!! Agent: You must have received a correspondence to your registered email address, request you to check the same.
Customer: went to taco bell last night and they forgot my two soft tacos Agent: Oh no. Where did this happen?
Customer: My lyft driving drunk AF . Agent: Please report this to our Critical Response Line by tapping the Call Me button at
Customer: Yes they’re all having the same issue Agent: Do you happen to know where your main splitter is?
Customer: but i dont register yet thanks to the sms code Agent: We can definitely take a closer look! Please send us a message of the email address connected to your account so we can further assist.
Customer: please teach Alexa slang. I have been trying to play Momentz by gorillaz for the last 30 minutes. Agent: We are always looking for ways to improve! You can provide your feedback to our developers here
Customer: Thank you for getting us on the next flight out of LGA with only minutes to spare at the gate. We will make our connection Agent: that is great, Jamie! I am happy to hear you will make your flt.
Customer: I feel it is my duty to inform everyone that has all meals for 3.00 boorito Agent: And that is a very important duty. Becky
Customer: Old site used to update due from 25 to 0, so at least you knew your pmt went through. Now not even that. Agent: we have made sure to share your concerns.
Customer: Aye who can help me with Adobe illustrator pls my shit comes out blurred and it is 1500x500 Agent: Hi, we’re sorry about this is this happening with all images? Which version are you using? We’re here to help! Madison
Customer: No it really started working as soon as you tweeted me. Agent: Awesome! Easiest time helping a customer ever. Scott
Customer: But a password is requested Agent: From here it should have you fill in your address and prompt you to set up security questions and a password.
Customer: Well I have tried and they clearly said they cannot as I opened the box Agent: Hi Mohammed, can you message me with the store you visited, the time of your visit and the colleagues name or description you spoke with? Ty James
Customer: Cause the Bowls in da Hood are always hard threedollarbowls Halloween2017 hanandarthur Agent: Um, is that Arthur on the right? Jen
Customer: ¿sabes si hay algún problema con psn? toda la tarde me marca error Agent: Disculpa el inconveniente. ¿Cuál es el código de error que ves?
Customer: I just gave 5 stars to Sophie at for great service! Agent: Thanks, Janet!
Customer: where r the rest of my hero academia ? Agent: Hey there! All 38 subtitled episodes of My Hero Academia are currently available. We have also have all of season 1 dubbed.
Customer: Si, es correos y pedí ke viniesen a x el pakete pero me pedian ke me kedase o toda una mañana o toda una tarde en casa pero y mi trabajo?? Agent: Lamento los inconvenientes. Recomiendo reportar lo ocurrido a nuestro Servicio al Cliente
Customer: can i not add another device? And theres not even an option to remove one device and add another... been at this for 20 mins Agent: Sorry! You can register as many devices as you want and stream to one at a time. For managing devices
Customer: . you said wait 3 months for iOS 11 to fix the bug with delayed VMs and SMS. It’s still happening. Agent: let us find out why it is still happening! Send me a message so we can get this fixed. JessicaBrenhaug
Customer: Ayo fix this whole question mark box ting dem shits annoying. Agent: Hi, can you tell us more about this in a DM? we will look into this together from there.
Customer: y do they charge you for a meat bag at colliers woods branch. If you buy meat you r required to supply customers a free bag. Poor service. Agent: we are only obligated to provide bags for unpackaged meat. As ours is prepackaged, a charge will be applied
Customer: Threw on a Mason jersey and a DeMonte Buckingham Headband for a 3 boorito Agent: Quick amp easy costume? we will take it! Becky
Customer: does everything right and they somehow mess up their queso. How did they manage to screw up melted cheese? Agent: we are all about real ingredients, and are still working on the recipe. Hopefully you will give it another shot soon. Becky
Customer: thanks Comcast, no I did not want to watch the World Series on your piss poor service. Agent: I see that you have recently posted about your Comcast services, message your account so I can look into this amp speak privately. ~
Customer: Wow great work !!! Love the new features on the 7 glitching, apps quitting, long pauses on Snapchat awesome, sweet keep it up Agent: May we take a look? Feel free to message us what iOS version you are on and we will go from there
Customer: is the fuckin shittiest app that exists. I have ordered 5 Ubers tonight and they have all ignored my trip and charged me 5. Fuck you Agent: Here to help! Please send us a note at and we will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: Why does the picture/audio glitch every 10 seconds on everything I watch? Agent: Hello, this does not sound good. Can you message the account name and complete service address? We would like to help. Dan
Customer: 6 plus, idk what iOS version.. and it was the rear facing camera Agent: we would like to gather more information. let us meet in .
Customer: I would like the whole series available. Agent: Noted! we will be sure this gets passed along. For now, bookmark for any new updates. Thanks, Travis!
Customer: I was on hold for 46 minutes and no one could help me! SHAME!!!! Agent: Hello Johnny! Will you please message us with your account number so we can better assist you? Wayne
Customer: LOOK what is next on my HULU Why??? There HAS GOT to be a WAY TO BLOCK HollyOaks amp Corinthian Street from my autoplay HELP! Agent: Sorry for the delay! there is not a way to block certain shows. but try deleting it from your history
Customer: No I switched from your app to CBS all access due to the issue...it was also an issue this morning at 530 trying to watch the news Agent: Thanks for clarifying! Does the buffering continue after If so please reach out
Customer: what’s up with Apple TV 4K support? I’ve been getting this message for days, all other streaming apps are working great. Agent: Thanks for reaching out, Chris! Our app can be a bit more demanding than others. let us see if these help
Customer: Why was it late? And why we are no announcements or apologies made? Agent: I have not been made aware of an elanation for the delay I am afraid sorry for the delay caused to your journey.
Customer: raising rates on internet... again. Just biding my time until or some other ISP creeps into the neighborhood with ANYTHING reasonable. Agent: we would definitely value the opportunity to be your service provider.
Customer: Disabled customers deserve better and equal access to rides as able bodied customers. I’m tired of being left out in the cold contd. Agent: Happy to help! Please send us a message of the email address connected to your account and more details so we can further assist.
Customer: Currently waiting on Delta Baggage Claim floor in Atl waiting for our bags to be brought up. Has been an hour. Can you help us get them? love Agent: Please reach out to someone from our baggage service team for info on your baggage.
Customer: The blue cash everyday card Agent: Have you tried resetting your password? Clarissa
Customer: my account email. I am not sure what happened the app came on and offered me affair when I was not working Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here, and our team will follow up.
Customer: i hope you can help me, becuse the way i am treated it is totally unacceptable. Agent: we are concerned to hear this, Omar. Is there anything we can help you with? Jane
Customer: I finally got someone that helped me, thanks! Agent: Awesome! If you ever need us we are just a tweet away.
Customer: Thanks, I called. The agent says the order has been received, but not shipped. Still anticipate a Friday delivery Agent: Thanks for the information. Please let us know if your order does not arrive by Friday.
Customer: ordered pizza for a 515 delivery. Still waiting on it. Having a halloween party. Agent: we are so sorry your order is running late! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thanks!
Customer: xfinity most inept company in existence in terms of billing Agent: number and name on the account, and I will look into this for you? Kerry
Customer: My dunkin donut 2 promo does not work when I tried adding it to my DD card it says it is not activate . Agent: Hmm let us take a look. Send us a message and we will see what is going on ErikS
Customer: Why do you close my cases? Agent: You may follow up these two cases <number> and <number>. Please note that this process may take up to 30 working days. Sha
Customer: chk ur latest bill. I paid for note 8 shipping w/debit when ordered. Latest bill shows ship charge. This happened to other friends. Agent: Hey ! let us look into this, message us.
Customer: Ok, and figure your collective shit out. The error when attempting to type “I am” amp getting weird ASCII characters is stoopid. Agent: let us look into this keyboard issue for you. Send us a message with your current iOS version to get started.
Customer: thank you for alllwing me to take an earlier flight! My Halloween’s going to be in vegas Agent: that is awesome! Happy Halloween Sean
Customer: You all took me from 0 bars to all the bars! I now have coverage in my house, thank you! Agent: Yass! that is what I like to see! Glad to see that we were able to get you up and running! SultanGardezy
Customer: Is there an outage in Albuquerque? My internet just crashed. Agent: Hello, I would be more than happy to take a look. Please send me a DM. Katie
Customer: About 36 hours now. Meanwhile, relatives on the other side of town are getting theirs back. Any ETA now? Agent: The most recent update at 5 PM still lists a loss of electrical power
Customer: Just DMd you guys, had an awful lunch eerience. Agent: Thanks for this message. Sorry for the trouble. Please message us with your email address amp we will reach out right away!
Customer: plz tell ur executive to behave properly. Ur executive is also useless as ur network. Bye... Agent: we are awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. Pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. Rgds, Idea Care
Customer: Hello there , Just installed 2018 and got my first bug truncated options when UI Scaling is disabled fig1/enabled fig2 Agent: Thanks! we have passed this info on to our eert they will review and get back to you ASAP.
Customer: Uhhh , trying to win free booritos over here, help Agent: that is not good! Are short codes allowed with your mobile plan? Becky
Customer: Thanks for the style advice, look ...I think? Halloween2017 flamingo Agent: Alexa says both styles are working for you! My vote goes to the Flamingo look!
Customer: I am having problems watching. Its always freezing or buffering. Agent: We want to help but we need more information. Can you tell us more about what device you are using?
Customer: I’ve sent a message to ask regarding a charge in my bank acc, could you pls get back to me to advice? Agent: Hi there! I have replied to your DM.
Customer: Pretty sure I detailed what the issue is blatantly. Y’all have no filter whatsoever on the driving skills of who you hire. Agent: Here to help. A member of our team have followed up via .
Customer: Heyo! I cannot log into the BattleNet app nor Overwatch. I am from northern NJ and a Fios user. It seems to be a running theme At The Moment so if there is any other info you need let me know! Agent: Have you had a chance to run a tracert?
Customer: Update ??? What your internal investigation repors tell you ?? Agent: Sorry for this trouble. If the details were shared, you must have received a correspondence from us. Please check and reply.
Customer: Oh, my god, she’s been going for ten minutes. Agent: We always want everyone to be comfy. You can ask our crew about any available open seats.
Customer: Just pulled another Amazon delivery out of the bushes since the amzl people can’t walk the extra 2 ft to my door. So tired of this. Agent: I am sorry we let you down! we would like to make sure this is addressed. Please provide some details here
Customer: 親切にどうもありがとうございます Agent: 突然のリプライで、驚かせてしまってすみませんでした ´・ω・` また、お困りごとやご不明点などあれば、ご遠慮なくお声がけくださいませ。 引き続き、Amazonをよろしくお願いしますo。。oペコッ
Customer: Y’all!!! This ride?! I can NOT be matched with this dude again. Agent: Hi there! Please message us with your phone number so we can further assist you.
Customer: my redeem code DOSENT work Agent: Here to help! Check out the next article for problems redeeming a voucher code
Customer: Bought an HPENVY4527 printer 2day . Waste of £££. Instructions/CD Software does not work. Drama getting help online. REFUND! Agent: Hi Tim, Did you purchase this in store or was it for home delivery? Daniel
Customer: Please tell me why my has eired, but I’m still being charged???? Agent: Hi there, please message us you Adobe id so that we may have a quick look at your account details. Tanuj
Customer: Thank you! Agent: you are most welcome. Heather
Customer: hey, I was wondering if you could give me a discount on my food I am broke! Agent: Happy to help! Please visit this link to know more about how to get a free food.
Customer: that is so funny! Our crew was thisclose to dressing up at the Treasury team from . Maybe next year! Agent: Sounds like there is a 100 chance you will make it rain next year.
Customer: enjoying our 3 booritos from HappyHalloween boo Agent: Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: I just got disconnected from the Black Ops 2 servers and now all my Your sex and age are gone. Agent: Hello there, do you have a screenshot of your Your sex and age prior? Also have you tried to clear your cache and power cycle ?
Customer: went through the drive through in Long Beach and they forgot my husbands quesarito Agent: Oh no. Where did this happen?
Customer: Haddington 6 x Mini Melton Mowbray Pies £1.00 4 x Mini Melton Mowbray Pies on reduced shelf £1.04! TesCon Agent: Hi Stephen, this is because the 6 pack of pies are currently half price at the moment whereas the 4 pack are not. Hope this helps. Kirsten
Customer: These parents did not get the memo that is not a playground Agent: That does not sound good. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: Oki Np Agent: We appreciate your patience. Raj
Customer: Why is your website always down? Pretty annoying to have to ‘check back later’ every time I need to login. Agent: TY for letting us know you are having an issue. Pls click here to provide browser You are using, acct type amp country no accts
Customer: Really wish would have a phone number, I got the completely wrong order, there is no way to contact the driver or you guys Agent: we would be happy to help! Please message us the email address for your account.
Customer: Another day, another <number> amp I snagged exit row again! Time to continue to binge StrangerThings. Perfect for Halloween! Agent: that is what we are talking about! I am on episode 6. You?
Customer: Hi, apologies for the delay in response. Just wanted to know the definition administrative professional according to ? Can you help? planning to pursue one of the courses. Agent: team will be able to provide more information on this.
Customer: I can’t log in because it’s locked. Agent: The link TN provided will allow you to contact us without signing in! Select skip log in and you will be in touch in no time!
Customer: I am UK based. Are the contact details the same? Agent: Sorry! Try this one instead
Customer: No idea? —me either. Agent: Sorry to hear this happened. I would recommend contacting your shipper to start a package investigation at this point.
Customer: Arbys just made both of us mad where our cheese marcus said they wrong Agent: Please email our Guest Support team more details to email amp we will address.
Customer: I do not have a rapid rewards number, unfortunately. Agent: No worries! You can enroll here
Customer: my flight is cancelled and the team at SeaTac is less than helpful. More concerned with breaks than customers. Agent: Sharla, we apologize if we missed the mark on Customer Service today. Were you able to get reaccommodated to another flight?
Customer: I got my 3 burrito!!!! thanks, Halloween! Happy Halloween, yall! HappyHalloween2017 Agent: That burrito looks darn near perfect. Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: Hi there.. I sent some DMs and need some serious help with my bill and autopay issues. Thank you. Agent: Thank you so much for the DM! Your MagentaHero is on the way! AdamJudge
Customer: Pretty much elained my issue in the quoted tweet... dragging an image onto a canvas no longer center snaps it... Agent: Hi Jason, could you please try resetting the preferences of Photoshop amp let us know if it helps with the issue
Customer: Last minute Halloween costume do it for the and Agent: Way to pull it together! Becky
Customer: fios do y’all care about your loyal customers ? Do y’all care when there is cont Agent: Good evening, of course we care. what is going on and how can we assist?
Customer: I ordered the upgrade for my internet router and was told it’d arrive between and still nothing.... help?! mobileCare Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your internet concerns and I am happy to help! Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: What the? What the? I didn’t know that. Is this also on iOS? Agent: Here to help! Connect with us through and we will be in touch.
Customer: Please call me tomorrow at 1100 am <number> Agent: We tried reaching you on the provided contact number but could not get through. Regards, Jagjeet
Customer: Hey we are gonna need to talk about all these pending charges that keep going through my account 5 days after the transaction was made.... I am getting real irritated. Agent: I’d like to review this further for you. Could you please message your name amp zip code?
Customer: So we went to in our DIY Sims costumes but left bc we have social anxiety amp were afraid they weren’t gonna count as costumes Agent: Oh my goodness, I wish you had still come in! You still have time! Jen
Customer: I updated microsoftword last night. Now it will not run. Great timing. Agent: Hello, Kolina! we are here to help. Are you getting any error messages?
Customer: Yes, I have sent an email through your link. Agent: When did you contact us? If you have received a reply, what insight were we able to provide?
Customer: please I recharged 200 and it was deducted I was given 200mb. So how do I unsubscribe Agent: Good morning, please text cancel to 127 to deactivate auto renewal. However, revert with your number for status update.
Customer: yes its happening to both Agent: Could you run a speed test from a wired connection at and post the results please.
Customer: hi I have a problem I bought the game in the psn store and can not download it now will the download only released at 3.11 ? Agent: Hi there! Please reach out to me at this link for assistance. Thank you.
Customer: i have a question Agent: Hi Gabe. How can we help you today?
Customer: Thank you for this surprise care package! You are simply the best! Agent: we are so glad you love it, DJ! Hope to see you back in the skies with us soon!
Customer: My 1st eerience was NOT GOOD. All dishes poor. cantonchilli jumboshrimpswithspicypepper Pic when I opened the lid 16.95 Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: unable to acces my adds on. I’ve been on hold forever. Can you help me?!?! Agent: Sorry for the delay! We hope our team was able to assist, Johnny. Phone/chat are the best contact methods for account issues
Customer: the new iOS is making your app way less usable. Would fancy walking around with a boom box after this update. Agent: Hey there! Can you tell us more about what is happening exactly? we will see what we can suggest /
Customer: Hey What The F... is up with the feed of WorldSeries So frustrating!! Agent: I apologize for the service issues David. Please message us your account number or phone number so we can assist you.
Customer: Its only this message I did not delete any files But is I press ok illustrator seems to open a new file. And the old one is gone... Agent: Hi there, How are you opening the file? I mean the exact workflow. Can you share a sample file with us to check?
Customer: mobileCare I received a new gateway/modem amp installed it. Now my bedroom and media room will not connect to cable. Help Agent: Hello, I can help you with that. Please message so we can verify your account for assistance, thank you.
Customer: When watching a live program, but not caught up to the live stream, how do I go to live without fast forwarding forever? Agent: Hey there. Which device are you on? If Apple TV, try pausing and then swiping right to quickly FF to the live point
Customer: ... Windows did not activate. Clicked try again, and now the store is just sitting there with the thinking/working animation. Agent: Hello there! let us sort this out. Can you send us a screenshot of the exact error message that you received?
Customer: Why I go to last night and got cinnamon twist with damn near no cinnamon on it ‍♀️‍♀️ Agent: that is not cool. Where did you get this?
Customer: thanks to delayed flights, spend vacation time at airport. bummer no help from staff Agent: Apologize for the inconvenience caused. May we know your booking number please ? Thank you Mariya
Customer: can I dress up as myself and still qualify for a BOORITO? Agent: Give it a try. Tara
Customer: there is no such thing as Halloween without a Boorito from , I am telling you! Agent: True story right there. Becky
Customer: Thank you. Will keep an eye on that. Agent: you are welcome. Let us know if you ever need us again. we would be... /
Customer: Oh why am I not surprised that I’ve spent over 1 hour on the phone with a rep who keeps arguing amp can’t resolve situation Agent: Hello, I apologize for the bad eerience. I can look into that for you, please send us a message for further assistance.
Customer: watchOs4 made my watch pointless Browsing music on my phone via the watch was 80 reason for buying it now it’s useless. Agent: You should still be able to control Music on your iPhone from the watch. Check out the user guide here
Customer: Fantastic job by the staff at to get us on our way to the Championships! Thank you! Agent: Thanks for the shoutout to PVD! we would love to forward this on to our AATeam. Please follow and message your record locator.
Customer: I have and my battery life has become even worse Agent: let us look into this further in .
Customer: have been a loyal customer for 4 years and got denied dues to ES limit which is 4 year old What is point of JOD/month Agent: Upgrading should be fun and we love our longtime customers. message me so we can look into options together HollyAdams
Customer: This is what m getting everytime...Any response to this ? Agent: Sorry to hear about the trouble! we are not seeing any issues on our end. Have you tried clearing your cookies?
Customer: is my parcel lost in transit I’ve never eerienced a delay with delivery from you!! Agent: Hi, sorry to hear that, delays happen for unforeseen reasons, were you emailed with a reason for the delay?
Customer: The store in Lehigh Acres, Florida off Lee blvd. near walmart Agent: Thanks for letting us know. we are on it.
Customer: always something screwed up at this place. do not know why I even bother. Thumbs down... Agent: We never want to leave you disappointed! Mind sharing more details so we can look into this?
Customer: only 8 attempts to open the twitter app and complain about the iOS 11 messing up my iPhone 7 this is slowing down my life Agent: we would like to look into this with you. Please message us details and we will be glad to work with you towards a resolution.
Customer: Legit question, do any Xbox users have as many network problems as I do? Seems to have a helluva time connecting after being off for awhile Agent: What kind of issues are you seeing? If you send us details, we will be happy to have a look with you to find some answers.
Customer: Is there any problem with OCR Computer Vision API in westcentralus? It failed to recognize picture but demo page works fine. Agent: Status for Computer Vision APi in West Central US looks good currently
Customer: Fresh cream palmier bakery Bellshill gets my vote for star baker ‍just catching up on gbbo17 don’t know who won yet Agent: Please do not tell me Carol!! I cannot wait to go home amp find out!! Chloe
Customer: can 2 people travelling on the same booking pool their luggage allowance? Agent: Hi Sammy. Unfortunately, no. Each passenger has their own individual baggage allowance.
Customer: Ridiculous amount of fees again from bankofamerica. How do you justify stealing money from people? Agent: I called and left a message for you. Please return my call at the number provided or message me when you are available. kl
Customer: why is your network sucking in the middle of NYC tonight???? Agent: We appreciate you bringing this to our attention. Please message us. we are happy to help. GiselleM
Customer: Flying tomorrow to Vegas for big 3.0!!!! cannot wait! Agent: we are excited to have you on board! Thanks for letting us take you on this AAdventure.
Customer: what the hell is going on?! Todays last day to deliver and still not shipped!! Should I pledge that I will not ever order from u?! Agent: I understand your concern, Nihal. Could you confirm if you have report this to our team using the link provided earlier?
Customer: 59 minutes on hold and counting with 2 days of no internet and cable...whatiscomcastsnumber? Agent: Good evening, let us take a look. Has this issue been reported prior to today?
Customer: I need a refund for a purchase I made, the live chat is not working. Agent: Here to help! Please follow us via Twitter and let us know so we can send you a message with further instructions. Thanks!
Customer: I got this cute lil guy today at WalMart Agent: Too cute!! But cannot quite tell if that is a Nintendo Kirby or a chew toy? Either way, looks cuddly! Danny
Customer: The fact that has been out of guacamole every time I go is extremely upsetting JusticeForGuac Agent: that is incredibly upsetting. Please provide more details here Becky
Customer: That Wells Fargo app will have ya thinking twice about buying drinking water to survive Agent: I saw your tweet. If you need help with using the mobile app, let us know.
Customer: my tmobile tuesday vudu offer isnt working. Is there a solution? Agent: Send me a message and lets figure out a fix to get your VUDU code up and running! SultanGardezy
Customer: goin 2 get a 3 burrito YEAH halloween Agent: Boorito is the best part of Halloween – see you soon. Becky
Customer: How long does it take for a refund to be completed and money to be put onto the debit card the payment was on? Agent: Hi there! A typical refund takes 35 business days to complete, but depending on your card issuer it may take up ...
Customer: this is why i tell my boyfriend not to eat at ‍♀️ Agent: This is incredibly concerning. Please write to us As Soon As Possible so we can investigate Becky
Customer: Is this a trick? No NBC WPTV or ABC WPBF in PSL this afternoon! Why these 2 channels? Agent: Hello, I will be happy to help you. Please message so we can further assist you, thank you.
Customer: that is hard to believe because that queso does not taste real. it is taste like powdered cheese packet that you add water to and heat up. Agent: Feel free to check out for a full ingredient list. James
Customer: can we bring our own carseat in an UberX ride to the airport? Agent: Here to help! Find out more here on how Uber Car Seat works
Customer: True true it is just been a long day and wish they would have found earlier. On the bright side flight attendants are AWESOME amp gate agent = Agent: Glad to hear it. Enjoy your free drink onboard!
Customer: Called over three hours ago and still no pizza. Sad thing, I gave the kid working my credit card number twice. Agent: we are so sorry about the wait! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thank you!
Customer: Then please reissue it. Call it whatever we need, extension or reissue, just take care of your customers. Agent: It cannot be reissued or extended, Chris. Once it is eired, that is it.
Customer: breaks car seat and says it is not covered. Be careful parents, do not trust them with your kids valuable items! Disappointing! Agent: we are sorry to hear this. Please feel free to message us your confirmation number so we can follow up.
Customer: and we all know that its aload of bullshit due to not losing connection to Xbox live or it happening on any other game Agent: HI! Are you still seeing this with the connection ingame? If you need help Tweet us for official Xbox support
Customer: am not seeing any update on my order since Sunday , kindly advice if it is still on time ? Agent: provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. Our page is visible to the public.
Customer: For real, who the fuck does not like ? I do not even know how that can be possible Agent: ¯\ツ/¯ Becky
Customer: hello, I’m having an issue with a same day ship order. Can you help me? Agent: Hello! we would love to help. Can you tell us a bit more about what is happening?
Customer: can your internet service stop sucking for maybe 20 minutes? Thanks in advance. Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. I will be glad to assist you. Can you message me your Name and acct or phone ?
Customer: Thanks for the great Booritos. Our annual tradition xcellent as always. Your chips, however, are better without the queso. Agent: Sorry you are not a fan of the queso, but we appreciate you stopping by! Becky
Customer: got charged for uber, didnt see the uber Credit getting posted ? Amex platinum Agent: back of your Card.Thank you.
Customer: need help with managing booking details. Ur site is down and live chat isnt alive at all. Agent: Is there any booking number to check? ThanksSha
Customer: I’m having hard time to change my PS4 profile cover. Is there another way to change it? Agent: Strange! Are you changing it through the console or the app? What error message do you receive?
Customer: great it worked. Thanks Agent: You are most welcome.
Customer: Thank you. Agent: On behalf of TAC, you are very welcome.
Customer: fuck you guys. Canceling Prime. Not gonna do business with you guys ever again. Agent: This is not how we want you to feel. we would like to help, if possible. Please let us know more about what is going.
Customer: The fine folks have Halloween themed music playing while we are boarding. Agent: TrickorTreat! Kimball
Customer: Thanks! Have sent you a DM! Agent: We have just responded to your DM, Victoria. Please let us know if you have any further questions.
Customer: . tired of getting charged for equipment that was returned months ago. Please stop it. Agent: I definitely want to make sure your charges are correct. Please message me your address and phone so I can better assist.
Customer: Sitting amp waiting at a branch for 15 minutes w/ no line and no good elanation why when I ask Agent: Sorry for the eerience. Tell me the exact location of the branch you visited amp I will share this feedback appropriately.
Customer: Hello, My juggernog fridge has unfortunately stopped working out of nowhere. I was redirected here by a activision ambassador. Agent: Can you please send us a message clarifying what you are coming across exactly?
Customer: I went to TMobile store today after my yesterdays conversation and got turned down again.. Agent: I have got your DM! I will meet you back there! ZachRicketts
Customer: I guess you get a lot of imposter accounts, and heres another for you to report to Agent: Thanks! We’ll take a closer look at this.
Customer: I have responded via email. the ball is in your court. Do something with it. Agent: Our Guest Support Team will be in touch.
Customer: Can you order reiki on uber eats? Asking for a friend Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: I cannot preload WW2 for some reason on PS4. Gamertag CAPTNCOD. Any suggestions? Agent: Hi there. Please scroll down in the next article to see the steps to download
Customer: Wireless. Customer service had to cancel my online order. I am at the store now trying again. Agent: We will get added so they can take a look for you while you are there as well.
Customer: Another promise! Am waiting... Agent: Hi Muyiwa. Thank you for speaking with us last night. We will research your account and follow up with you again today. Thanks! bc
Customer: Says service is unavailable at this time please try again later. Agent: Try to uninstall and reinstall the app.
Customer: Zero service. Internet is down. Restarted AND unplugged my modem. No connection. Agent: Are you able to test using a wire?
Customer: Accomplishments so far this year scored a 3.00 burrito at Agent: that is a definite accomplishment. Well played. Becky
Customer: 3rd call to hoping everything is sorted, booked flights for 4 guys and 2 peoples details were incorrect should I be worried? Agent: Have you spoken to our team on the phone about this? What were you advised?
Customer: BA198 massive thank you to Victor De Georgio for such amazing service BOMLHR Agent: you are welcome, Mark. we will pass on your lovely comments. Helen
Customer: you are the worst, period. Agent: that is not the way we want you to feel. We keep working hard to restore the service completely in the island.
Customer: Is down for anyone else?? Agent: Hi Alex, we are so sorry for the service interruption, please check for the latest
Customer: Name Muyiwa Dele Olatunde Zip30093 Phone <number> Account Type Checking amp Savings Agent: Thanks for the info, our Social Care Team will follow up with you. cr
Customer: someone tell me why is telling me i have to physically go in to pickup my package that is at a location 30 MINUTES FROM ME... Agent: Please message us your tracking and contact number via the link so we can look into this for you.
Customer: is the 624 from Guildford running? It’s been cancelled at Farncombe recently having been only shown to be running late Agent: Hi Warren, I can see that the 0624 Guildford to Waterloo is planned to run, although it has been cancelled between Haslemere amp Farncombe
Customer: Booritos at Agent: Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: Now that I’m streaming to your Prime Do You have audio assisted movies, TV, etc. as I am visually impaired. ? Agent: that is a great question! You can learn more on how to turn on Audio Descriptions here
Customer: Nothing says Halloween like 3 burritos and tacos Agent: What a great looking crew! We appreciate you coming in. Becky
Customer: last two times we ordered from you all we have had nothing but problems. what is going on?! Agent: we are terribly sorry your order arrived this way! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thank you!
Customer: I don’t have any games to play. Drop ww2 Agent: We are almost there T 02D04H14M30S!
Customer: why is there no option to elain “problem with cancellation fee MY DRIVER DID NOT SPEAK A WORD OF ENGLISH!” Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: always tastes amazing, but it tasted even better knowing that I only paid 3 for it. Agent: We agree. Jen
Customer: ... when your “gigabit” internet is so slow that the Verizon speed test fails repeatedly... Agent: that is strange can you try a different browser and redo the test?
Customer: got hung up on after 49 min wait for a supervisor. What gives? Agent: Sorry to hear that happened, Asher. Let us know if we can assist via Twitter.
Customer: so, send an email to Activision PS4? I did preorder since i already played the beta, twice, weird that i dont have it in my library Agent: Please send me a message via DM. More than happy to help. Ex
Customer: Thanks Sultan for helping me redeem my free vudu movie. Now I can enjoy the original IT for Halloween TMobileTuesdays Agent: Happy to hear that ! Enjoy your night and your movie TaylorMoon
Customer: SuperValueDayQuiz Where is the result of super value day quiz conducted on Oct 1 and 2 ? Agent: The results will be announced soon. Kindly stay tuned for updates.
Customer: 我遇到一些困难了已经DM你了 Agent: We have received your message and will reply to it shortly. Thanks for your patience.
Customer: On . Frankly you guys could do better!! Agent: Understood and I am glad to hear you have a service visit. we are here and are happy to help whenever you are ready.
Customer: I join Ps plus with the Fifa 18 points but I didn’t get the points !!? Agent: Here to help! We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: um, my account was locked as soon as I tried to login on desktop. I still haven’t received an email on how to get it unlocked... Agent: I am sorry your account is locked! Please reach out directly to us here so we can take a closer look.
Customer: I have message you multiple times! And the credit is not showing up which is why I have contacted you guys many times!! Agent: Hello, thank you for following up with us. we have forwarded your concerns to a dedicated case manager. They will follow up with you directly.
Customer: Thank you but ive fought with you guys all weekend over DMs they wont give me zero down. Agent: We definitely want to do what we can to help you! TiannahReagor
Customer: No use of prime membership, return my money Agent: Could you please confirm, if we have missed the estimated delivery date?
Customer: Flight attendant on helped walk an elderly lady 2 the lavatory. I wish I would’ve asked the FA’s name. She deserves kudos. Agent: we have got the best in the business and our AATeam loves taking care of everyone! Thanks for letting us know how great she is.
Customer: cannot you only have one primary account per console? Agent: Hi there, You can activate the system under this 2 accounts and set it as the primary device under each account.
Customer: this is my top bar every time I open messages on my SE after updating to iOS 11.1 Agent: Thank you for reaching out to us. Have you tried to restart the device? Let us know to get started.
Customer: Went to get my boorito amp was told my costume as my fav tv character was not sufficient by a rude employee. Cant believe this! Agent: I cannot believe that, either. I am so sorry. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: Damn Wells Fargo fraud protection stopped me from getting a size 12 yeezy Agent: Apologies for the inconvenience. Please call <number> to have this rectified. Let me know if you need further assistance.
Customer: Are you in costume? Go to ! Halloween2017 halloween Agent: Thanks for the shout out! Becky
Customer: Basically every channel, especially local channels and ESPN though, just balance out those levels a little bit Agent: Please send us a message with your account number or full address. Thank you,
Customer: OMG Never had WORSE Customer Service than EpicFail Agent: Without sharing account numbers, please tell me what happened to cause you to feel this way, Marshall. I can review your concern and do my best to help.
Customer: I already paid my outstanding could plz check and confirm Agent: As checked outstanding is cleared on your number. Rgds, Yogita
Customer: still not working Agent: Please follow us on Twitter and let us know once you do, so we can send you a .
Customer: what happened to the iOS tap and hold to preview a song feature? I loved it for queuing songs to a playlist. Agent: Hey! We have more info about this here Give us a shout if you have any questions /
Customer: Yes, none of it worked. I did not try the reset because I do not want to reinstall everything. But when i went back to 1703 everything worked Agent: We want to resolve this for you. We suggest you to get in touch with our Answer desk team
Customer: I’ve asked your sales rep about the payments and she wasn’t ready to listen to any issues that I had. Agent: Apologies for all of the issues. If you have time to chat securely with me, I would be happy to review. Rachel
Customer: Thanks Agent: No problem, let us know if you come across any other issues or questions in the future. We are happy to help.
Customer: . gtAll of VERIZON IS DOWNlt When can we eect a fix ? Agent: In what area are you located? All of your services are down at this time?
Customer: an hour delay from Detroit to Phoenix because of a computer issue that was no closer to being resolved while we boarded is not cool Agent: Oh no, I am sorry Dan for any inconvenience. Our goal is to have safe and on time service.
Customer: why are Nenas releases between 2002 and 2012 all missing, yet everything else from 1982 2017 is there? sadness emptyplaylist Agent: Hi Liam! Could you let us know the tracks/albums you are looking for? we will take a look /
Customer: Hi I’ll send photos if that’s okay? Agent: Hi Sarah, yes of course. Photos would be perfect Ty Darren
Customer: please do not tell me this is a fried plaster in my Chicken Agent: Hi Anna, Sorry to see this please message us with more info so we can investigate this further
Customer: can’t watch World Series on Motorola box fix it Spectrum Agent: I apologize for the issues you are having with the cable equipment. What message is on the screen when you attemp...
Customer: Hi.I made payment for add ons but did not received any receipt for it.Can you please check?booking no.TPYKFN, LF5H2LampYK3IQC? Agent: Hi Dayana, we do resend itinerary to email, can you please check your email. have a good day Fam
Customer: Thank you! Should I just message you? Agent: ... Otherwise, message us more details!
Customer: No help at all from really fucked up my weekend!! Agent: Hi Juan. Thank you for speaking with me today. I will be monitoring this amp following up with you again. da
Customer: as a CA resident how do I apply for your credit card and companion pass special??? Thank you!! Agent: Hi, Crystal! If you are looking to be a new Rapid Reward cardholder, you can apply here
Customer: Anything going on in Rego Park? Agent: If you are eeriencing an issue with your services please feel free to reach out to me directly in a private message.
Customer: when ya uber smells like weed Agent: We absolutely want to follow up right away. Please send us a message with your email address so we can connect.
Customer: mesaged Agent: we have followed up via DM!
Customer: おいいいいい！発売する三ヶ月前から予約注文で受け付けた品物くらい発売日にきっちり届けろよAmazonさんw だからkonozamaとか言われるんだよw Agent: 恐れ入りますが、予約商品でも発売日のお届けを確約しておりません。 なお、発売日/発売日前日にお届けする場合、一定の条件を満たしている注文のみです。
Customer: Just went to and my bowl was only three bucks!! Happy Halloween! Agent: it is our annual Boorito promotion – enjoy that bowl! Becky
Customer: i have to switch it off to sleep then back on to log on...kindly help! Agent: Hi, Alice! let us work on this together. Can you send us a screenshot or video, so we can easily figure it out?
Customer: Thanks for the info! Will the game unlock on steam on the 3rd American time? Or is it based on your time zone and where you live? Agent: Hey there, it should be available at midnight on the third in your timezone! Is there anything else I can help with today?
Customer: I have had some ups and downs from banking with Chase, but lately they have been really good to me. So shoutout to you ✊ Agent: We appreciate the kind words. If you have questions or concerns, please let us know. we are here to help.
Customer: Trying to download Stranger Things Season 2 onto my phone right now and this internet is moving slower than mole asses. Agent: Hello, Julie, I apologize for the delayed reply. Are you still having issues with your internet at this time?
Customer: have an enquiry to make and called 0344 493 0787 it tells me the no. not in use, is there an alternative? Before 20.00 Agent: Can we help at all, Claire? Feel free to message us if you prefer. Lolly
Customer: Now i gotta go to Wells Fargo and complain Agent: Tell us what happened so we can look into what we can do to help. Please do not mention account numbers.
Customer: I need help with a purchase of a dlc that does not want to download or a refund. Agent: Here to assist! Please follow the step sin the link and try to download the content again
Customer: not dlvd after 1 wk. You lied 2 saying left in safe place on Fri. Yesterday You said wld be dlvd 2448hrs. Sort this now! Agent: I am sorry your order has not arrived yet! Please let us know if you have not received it within 48 hours.
Customer: I really appreciate you reaching out RMD. Looking for fast internet that isn’t throttled. Cc Agent: Sounds like you are looking for us! Please check here for availability
Customer: 3 burritos at today if you are in costume! RT to save a life! Agent: Thanks for the shout out! Becky
Customer: I purchased and down loaded the Variety Map Pack but did not get my 10 rare supply drops from Lion Strike. Help? Agent: Good afternoon, can you try clearing your cache? This link will have the steps
Customer: is that safe if we disable passcode for unlock iphone? i mean,is the fingerprint still worked out? i think dat would be enough Agent: We want to make sure we understand the issue. Are you wanting to disable the passcode and still use Touch ID?
Customer: I just waited nearly 12 minutes for my order. I thought this was fast food Agent: We apologize, Charles. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: 3rd pair of ear shaped earbuds to go bad in the left side. I am currently deaf in one ear after a workout SaveMyRightEar Agent: let us see what we can do to help. Please, send us a DM. we will move forward from there.
Customer: My friend is without internet we need to play videogames together please our skills diminish every moment without internetz Agent: Have your friend message us.
Customer: is there a way to opt out of iMessage and FaceTime during initial setup on an iPhone? Agent: we are here for you. There is not a way to avoid iMessage activation with a number, but you can turn it off
Customer: How many different did I go to? 3. Yes 3. It’s just that serious. 12 3 boooritos! Agent: you are living life right.
Customer: My family premium account has stopped working, even though we have payed this month, it was working last week Agent: Hey Jacob! Could you send us a message with your accounts email address? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: I’m all set, thanks. My service was restored in the middle of the night as I dreamt about watching tv and surfing the ‘net. Agent: That is great to hear! If you need any further assistance, please do not hesitate to send me a DM. We are available !
Customer: Don’t complain a lot about but when battery iphone goes down 50 after using your phone for 30 minutes ..... Problems since update 11 Agent: we would like to help. let us take this to message and we will elore ways to provide you assistance.
Customer: Should have been today before 8 Agent: Please get in touch with us here and we would be happy to review available shipping refund options.
Customer: Is that a 24 hr line Agent: Yes. Our main customer service line is open 24 hours a day.
Customer: been a long afternoon in the airport. Sorry if I sound bitter Agent: Certainly understand and my apologies for the issues. I will surely share this with our Management Team.
Customer: i hate when my order is canceled after an hour of waiting Agent: Here to help! Check out for more information.
Customer: this is not my meal........... Agent: I am so sorry about that. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: I love my Inspiron 15 7000. But everytime I close it, this is what I got. Even system restore it is not working due to drivers. Agent: 4 Also, message us the system service tag along with registered owners name. To Find Service Tag
Customer: just got off the phone w/ a rep, Austin, can I just say that was one of the best customer service eeriences I’ve ever had! Agent: we are glad you had a good eerience! Please let us know if we can offer you any further assistance.
Customer: can you please provide me with your complaints procedure? Agent: following link Jane
Customer: any updates on flight 6353 from DEN to BOS? Four hours is a bit much Agent: We know how frustrating delays can be, Danielle. Flight 6353 is set to depart at 8 p.m. we are working hard to have you on your way soon
Customer: It is so irritating that will not let me stream this game on espnews on even though I have espnews back home. Makes no sense Agent: What message you getting when you try to stream?
Customer: Can you please open my account so I can transfer the money in there and close the account. Agent: Hello! we sent you a message with more information, so that we can further assist you. Please check your DMs.
Customer: I am continuing to have the same problem as seen in my prior gif. Have yet to be able to play Der Eisendrache. it wants me to dwnld map pack Agent: Sorry to hear this! Can you please try verifying your game cache
Customer: It’s not intuitive. Takes me too long to find the episode I want instead of the episode presented to me. Agent: If browsing from Home, press the option for more details gt go to the show page gt use the Episodes tab to browse/pick an ep.
Customer: still no refund, your assistance comes every 12hrs amp no money since . Are you waiting for the problem to fix itself? Agent: Hi Viviana, we have escalated this with our Refunds team today for you. they will be in touch asap. Helen
Customer: Disappointed with order <number> Ordered through prime ID and paid Rs. 50 extra on prime. Still have not received it. Agent: Our Twitter page is visible to public.
Customer: Already done. Agent: They will keep you updated on the location of the bag.
Customer: add me to the list of the people having the “question box” autocorrect thing. Running the most current iOS on an iPhone8. Agent: Hey there. Let’s take a look further into this. message us letting us know when this started.
Customer: HappyHalloween2017 boorito getinmybelly Agent: Lookin sharp! Thanks for stopping by. Becky
Customer: I’m trying to make changes on my account but it keeps telling me I’ve been temporary locked out I already called to confirm my card Agent: Hi Ashley. Which U.S. based card is this concerning? Please do not release any personal or card information. Clarissa
Customer: what option do I have if I bought something on eBay and was not delivered and eBay closed my claim to get the money back? Agent: You can always open a claim to get the ball rolling on that coverage!
Customer: Top Seller rating was revoked after hurricane. Ebay keeps telling me they will fix it, but almost 6 wks and still NOTHING is fixed! Agent: I am so sorry that happened! Could you send us a message so we can look into that for you?
Customer: Downloaded new software update and my iPhone 6S in perfect condition magically became inoperably glitchy. What a coincidence Agent: We want you to have a smooth eerience with our updates. What exactly is happening with your iPhone?
Customer: Shareplay not working today yesterday np. Says games not available in your country or region. we are in same city? Agent: Hi Marteen, Please make sure you are following us, so we can assist you better via a Direct Message.
Customer: don’t forget to cop your 3 burrito today Agent: True story! Thanks for stopping by – enjoy that burrito. Becky
Customer: Can I buy an iPhone X outright in store on Friday? Agent: Hey Patrick I am happy to let you know that you are able to buy the iPhone X in our stores beginning Friday. We ex...
Customer: Hey your greenlight rep at Metairie store had me waiting almost an hour only to not be available. No decal, no information. Agent: Hey Bill! Thank you for reaching out. I’ll be happy to help, please send us a Direct Message in order for us to further assist.
Customer: I keep getting the following error message at checkout. Phoned your helpline twice but not resolved, can you help? Agent: This is strange Joanne. Have you been able to make an order? Danny
Customer: Thank you for getting me back to ATL safely Agent: we are always happy to give you a lift, Amanda! Thanks for thinking of us to meet your travel needs today. See you soon!
Customer: hi I’m having problems getting local files to show in my iphone Agent: Hi! Just to confirm, have you followed the steps at If so, at what point did you get an issue? we will check it /
Customer: Placed order today, said delivery would be Wed but just received email saying it will be Thurs now? I am a prime customer . Unhappy! Agent: I am so sorry for the frustration! What was the date given in the original confirmation email
Customer: I got a 3 BOOrito from for dinner, so I’d say my Halloween was pretty much a Agent: No tricks – only treats here. Becky
Customer: Scott you fixed it. You saved the day! Agent: Unless...that was sarcasm... Scott
Customer: Thank you Lyft. I heart you Agent: No problem! We heart you too! lt3
Customer: mi plaga se llama Virgin Mobile. ¿Promociones? Básicamente me están robando. Agent: ¡Oh, no! Definitivamente esto no debería ser así. Dinos, ¿qué es lo que está pasando?
Customer: looks like this Agent: Got it, and are you seeing this in multiple browsers or private browsing sessions?
Customer: i change my number i need to update and I am having problems cause in the app do not let me do that even in the site help!! Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here so we can further assist.
Customer: why is it such a crime to put my phone number in messages when dealing with potential buyers regarding delivery info? Agent: We want to ensure eBay is safe and we can only protect our members if the conversation is kept on the site.
Customer: Not spending my money anymore. I have never been so damn mad before. Agent: This is disappointing to hear. Will you please share what happened with our team Tara
Customer: Hi just wondering why I’m unable to check in online for my flight tomorrow from LASLGW? Agent: Hiya, can you please let us know your booking ref and full name by message and we will take a look
Customer: By what date will you publish the result of Amazon App Jackpot Contest which ended yesterday i.e 31st Oct 2017 ? Agent: Hi, you may check it here
Customer: where’s my damn nutribullet Agent: I am sorry you have not received your item! Can you tell us who the carrier is? Found here
Customer: Depois da ultima atualizado do IOS a bateria do IPhone 6 tá durando quase nada Agent: Since our Twitter support is available in English, get help at or join
Customer: I love you Agent: We love you right back. Becky
Customer: I use Roku, and no other streaming is impacted. I am watching CBS all access right now. This is solely a hulu issue Agent: Apologies for the continued frustration to clarify, are you noticing this with CBS network on our app?
Customer: Ben Tennyson and an American Airlines pilot. trunkortreat halloween 2017 diycostume parenting … Agent: Aww, that is definitely a future pilot in the making! HappyHalloween
Customer: app order messed up AGAIN. I paid Xtra 4 dbl meat n ordered a salad. 4th time. I want compensation, ive lost 18 to your errors in last few months. Agent: I am sorry to hear that. Can you please let our team know at the link? Jen
Customer: Im so tired of . giving me chicken burritos with literally a half a bite of chicken in them. Rude. Agent: Oh no. Where did you get this?
Customer: Hello I have a number which I want to port. Please suggest if there is any online procedure. How should I do ?? Agent: Welcome to idea family.Please share your number along with the pincode and connection type to help you better. Rgds, Varsha.
Customer: Order no <number>. Mens Polo 8907036565225USTS1840MApricot.refund not recd..been 2 weeks Agent: Please do not provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. Our page is visible to public. 2/2RI
Customer: so it cant be disable? umm ya.. problem comes oftenly when my iphone just woke up. kindly please gimme some advices to heal that issue Agent: This link is a great place to start If you still have issues after those steps, message us.
Customer: I JUST WANT CHIPS AND SALSA! I HAVE TO STAND IN LINE FOR CHIPS AND SALSA Agent: Hopefully we will zip through the line quickly. Becky
Customer: I found this in my bowl Agent: We use bay leaves to season our food. Sorry one snuck into your meal. Jen
Customer: do you have a plan comparison guide have simple choice and what to see if I switch to tmobile one but i do not want cap on data Agent: I can see what I can do Do you mind meeting me in DM? JulissaBadillo
Customer: can you please promote my music at your store Target Agent: we would like to get you to the right area, please message us.
Customer: i have bought dlc diablo 3 necromancer and hav phys disc D3 ROS but when i click necromaner pack on game , dont download Agent: Hi there, Have you tried accessing this content from your download queue Let us know the results.
Customer: I do will let’s be petty together Spring ain’t shit Agent: Send us a message if you have any questions, we will give you the MagentaCarpet eerience! JohnWard
Customer: thanks! the 11.0.3 that came out the other day Agent: Got it. Let us know in message what the issue is that you are having? we would be happy to help you out.
Customer: My package from was supposed to arrive today. Now it not coming till Friday. Why the hell do I pay for prime. does not do shit. Agent: Oh no, Blair! Can you confirm the delivery date that was provided in your order confirmation email?
Customer: Hey Madison how you doin? Good, me too. How I recolor things? And the right panel when I click develop keeps disappearing on me.... Agent: Maya, please confirm the product that you are using. Raj
Customer: 3 times over an hour on the phone, let’s just hope everything is correct now I’d hate for something to be wrong for a special occasion Agent: Sorry to hear this process was so frustrating.
Customer: Found this lovely piece of plastic in my bowl today. Looks like the corner of a sealed bag. Not my fave thing to bite into!! Agent: That should not be there. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: Don’t forget got 3 burritos !!!!!!!!! Agent: We sure will not forget! Becky
Customer: Glassboro, Agent: Thank you. we are on it.
Customer: Way to go I am not impressed! Agent: We can do better. message us.
Customer: need to change vehicle age on my acct. How can I do this? Agent: Hi there! We can help with that. Please message us the phone number associated with your Lyft account.
Customer: Dear sir, I have been struggling to convert my idea postpaid to prepaid for more than a month. Can you please help? Agent: Sorry for the trouble We have again forwarded your issue to the concern team and will revert you the update soon. Rgds,Mohit
Customer: Will they reimburse? Agent: we will hook you up with a bag, or you can write to us here Becky
Customer: Is anyone else’s WiFi acting up? Agent: We have not gotten any reports. What issue are you having? Do you have a red internet light on your router?
Customer: Ild love that, but not at the 3 MB maximum DL you all currently have in the area . Agent: It would be our pleasure to have a billing specialist review the options available to you.
Customer: When you have to give Biscoff out to trickortreaters because you run low on candy.... HappyHalloween Agent: Happy Halloween!
Customer: Could you imagine a world where any burrito was only 3 per day every day, double meat and guacamole included... Agent: Doubt thatll ever be a think, but goodness we can sure dream. Becky
Customer: Hi it is for tomorrow available your website, is there restrictions between traveling between zones during the day? between 12 and 7? Agent: So you will be travelling solely in Zones 16?
Customer: Would you mind if we discuss this matter via email instead? Agent: Click Ask a Question on the upper right corner. Thank you.
Customer: ok cool Agent: Does this issue happen with all applications or only some? Let us know in .
Customer: if mw2r is happening please fix noob tubes, one man army and death streaks. Thats it all op guns can stay op idc favorite cod Agent: Hey, great idea! We appreciate the feedback so please fill this so studio can take a look at it
Customer: I just opened the Amex web page and See a sky miles number associated with card. I’m assuming they assigned a new number to me Agent: Yes, a skymiles number does get associated with the card when you open one. Clarissa
Customer: shame on your sales man for tricking my dad into a package he straight up said he did not want!!! Disgusting. Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your billing concerns and I am happy to help. Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: Yes dialogue is out of sync. Seinfeld, workaholic, as well as others. Blank pic with sound, pic with no sound. Using Apple TV disappointed Agent: that is no fun! We are happy to help. What generation of Apple TV do you use? Have you tried any troubleshooting steps?
Customer: are the call centres closed for the night? Agent: we have received your message and will continue there.
Customer: Dear awesome people if you have an extra WorldSeries game 7 ticket, plz tell me by 2p Wed so I can catch 335p SMFBUR flight Agent: Dear Kens awesome followers do you have two tickets? I would also like to go.
Customer: The Chipotle app is trippin’ out and it’s making me really sad. Agent: we are not accepting app orders tonight during our Boorito promotion – my apologies. it will be back tomorrow. Becky
Customer: ‘Ere , never mind avocado How’s about ‘ave a word? Is it really necessary? The pair of ‘em were suffocating. Agent: we have let our team know we can do better, Joel. Thanks for sharing
Customer: Mmmk, Design Twitter. Can anyone elain why when I place my 1920x1080/72ppi image in my 1920x1080 doc, it isn’t the right size? Agent: Hi there, what is the file type of the image you are trying to place? Have you tried resaving the image? Wren
Customer: Flight 0080 Agent: My apologies for that delay and it looks like at this time it is planned to depart at aprox 940 pm. Thank you.
Customer: I allowed it well past 8 PM. I was never notified about any other delays Agent: I am sorry that it still has not arrived. Please contact us so that we can look into this together
Customer: where is the 0857 from kid? Agent: Apologies I can see the trains previous working was late causing the hold up.
Customer: Two chipotle burritos are better than one comeoncantdenythiscuteness Agent: We live for baby burrito pictures. Jen
Customer: Mashafa Road Mpape Abuja <number>.i have written and your people have come to the area and reported back yet you keep apologising action Agent: We apologize for any inconvenience. Kindly be patient. Your mail will be attended to. Thank you.
Customer: you guys call this chicken? Agent: We take food quality seriously Have you had a chance to address with cafe management? they would be happy to assist you further.
Customer: There’s nothing y’all can do... y’all not changing y’all down payment so fuck it... y’all going to get a lot heat tho Agent: Send us a message so we can give you more info on your down payment! we are here for you! HeatherSaenz
Customer: hello! Bought a lasagne earlier husband just opened it and it’s got mould on it. Manky! Agent: Please also include the use by and batch code. Would it be okay to pass your details onto our supplier? . TY Struan
Customer: I gave it another day and still not delivered. Agent: I am so sorry for the trouble. If you have a moment, please contact us by phone or chat here
Customer: So why put 4 in the reduced to clear at a price that is more eensive than 6? it is the same store. Misleading and incompetent. Agent: I am very sorry about this, we do not intend to mislead our customers. Kind regard Kirsten
Customer: internet in Summerlin is out? Agent: Hello, this does not sound good. Can you message the account name and complete service address? We would like to help. Dan
Customer: Android 6.0.1 and Spotify version 8.4.25.771 armV7 Agent: Thanks for that! Can you message us your accounts email address and username? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: Tried three times, it can’t complete the tests Agent: So you knew you had a teredo issue? Or were you selecting a different route in the guide?
Customer: Can someone help me with a question I have please? Agent: Help has arrived!! I see your DM! Click here to meet me back in there! gt DonHebron
Customer: hi I need help with my booking Agent: Hi there, Feancy! How may we assist you with your booking? Miza
Customer: Spectrum. You have officially been put on my “worst and incapable companies” list, aka shit list, to never do business with ever again. Agent: Good evening. If you would please message your account or phone number for me, I will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: please help me i forgot my sign in password and date of birth Agent: Hello there, Please check your DMs for further instructions.
Customer: i sent text msg reply. Cant find twitter message from phone Agent: I just sent you a DM.
Customer: I bought an iTunes gift card worth £15 a week ago, and the email still hasn’t come into my inbox to tell me the code. Helpppp Agent: we are here for you. you will need to contact our iTunes Store group for help with iTunes codes
Customer: This voucher was in addition to that... Agent: Can you send me the email please asking if you want one
Customer: Tried to update my phone to the new IOS system, and my phone died while charging amp now I lost everything. Thanks . Agent: we would like to work with you and look into this together. Do you have a previous backup to your iPhone on either iTunes or iCloud?
Customer: My iPhone is so damn glitchy, not sure this upgrade to the 8 was worth it. I can’t even send pictures Agent: let us see how we can help over Twitter. Is iOS 11.1 the version installed and have you tried any steps? Which app is it?
Customer: this layout looks nice, but really isn’t friendly to left handed users.. my thumb isn’t long enough to hit play! Agent: Hey! We hear you Rest assured, your feedback will be passed on to the right folks /
Customer: that is the worst eerience I have ever had at one of your stores. Agent: Sorry to hear that. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will address.
Customer: what is up with no channel 9 Local FO in area code <number>. World Series starting soon! Not okay! Agent: Hello, I am happy to look into this. Can you message your account name and full address?
Customer: when did you calked Agent: Sorry for the trouble .Please share your convenient date and time to call you for solving your issue asap. Rgds,Mohit
Customer: how do you get the text off the TV where they repeat everything Person is saying? Fios Agent: If you press the key this can disable the closed captions. You may have to press 2x.
Customer: you all fucked up and acting like you cannot fix it without the primary member otp but she cannot use her phone because of you all fuck up‍♀️ Agent: we are to help! I am replying to your message right now ByronEdwards
Customer: Thankyou, I just mentioned it as I have got a ticket for that one amp was a bit worried it had disappeared off the timetable that is all.Cheers! Agent: Not a problem. I would suggest checking back as engineering works can mean services are altered. Phil.
Customer: is the 3 one per person? Agent: that is correct. Becky
Customer: うええ……Amazonさんで9800円のお買い物してお金払ったのに商品が不良品で出荷できなくなり、アマゾンギフト券で9800円戻されても……ちょっと金額大きいんですけど……。 Agent: ご迷惑をお掛けしております。返金のAmazonギフト券は、銀行振込による返金に変更することが可能です。ご希望の場合は、口座情報などをお伺いする必要がございますので、お手数ですが、リンクよりカスタマーサービスにお電話にてお問い合わせください。
Customer: Come on ios11.1 Same bug as before. Numbers disappear when entering info. Video below. iosproblems Agent: let us investigate this together. Does this only occur when using specific apps or website?
Customer: <number> Agent: Kindly send STOP to <number> , DEREG to 7728 to deactivate the VAS. You may send STOP to 2442 for full VAS DND.
Customer: I have a package that is showing as delivered last Friday, however it has not been and there is no note. Thanks Agent: I am sorry for any concern this causes! we would like a chance to look into this with you by phone or chat here
Customer: Changing planes at MSP and treated to a glorious sunset. This is why I travel. fly travel luxury msp sunset airport momentofbliss Agent: Great picture, thanks for sharing!
Customer: Azure portal times out... for over an hour now. Unable to access the services for configuration update Agent: Hi there. Would you be able to confirm the region affected and your Sub ID please?
Customer: Sultan from was able to help me out! Agent: Delightful! we will be here if you ever need us again! MikeVance
Customer: 8 weeks old and baby cal already got his first pair of wings thanks for being so wonderful all the time! Agent: Beyond adorable! Thanks for choosing to fly with us. Kimball
Customer: thank you for delivering mouldy peaches I am sure they will be lovely not happy Agent: I require your full name, address and email. I can get them refunded for you. TY Chris
Customer: your service sucks! Speed is slower than what we are paying and wifi says connected but yet cannot get on! Grrr!!! Agent: I would be glad to test the line and help if I can if you will message your account number, Stephanie. Mike
Customer: how come my modem isn’t coming back online? Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. I will be glad to assist you. Can you message me your Name and acct or phone ?
Customer: That’s funny, when we finally got on the plane the pilot told us it was an engine fault... Agent: that is strange, Amy. Sorry for the confusion caused. Rach
Customer: Thank you! Agent: you are welcome
Customer: Double everything for 3! Shout out the homies at Agent: We appreciate the shout out! Becky
Customer: Why does not give you a bigger straw for their delicious shakes. I may as well try to drink this through a stick. Agent: We will share your tweet with our Menu amp Product Development team.
Customer: police suggested I was renting a flat in NYC that was illegal. Host will not respond. Impossible to find channel to write to you Agent: Hi Carla, we are sorry to hear this. Can you message us your email address amp reservation code so our team can follow up? Thank you.
Customer: my daughter amp I are omw Boorito Agent: We cannot wait to see you and your daughter! Safe travels. Becky
Customer: They said it was UPS. UPS says they never received the package to deliver ¯\ツ/¯ Agent: To confirm, what does the latest tracking update show? Please check here
Customer: ...but the controller does not power back on. Not sure what you all can do. Looks like another 60 down the drain. Agent: Gotcha. Have you tried the steps in the guide here
Customer: Groove Music quits amp redirect to Spotify. But the W10M App is a bugfest.. Any further Updates possible? Agent: Hey there! That does not sound good. what is happening exactly? Can you let us know the app version you are using? /
Customer: I saw this in Walmart and picked it up right away. I love ! I know she won’t see this, but she’s inspired me so much☮️ Agent: A truly wonderful young woman, indeed. Enjoy the book. Danny
Customer: I knew you would ge back to me via social media. You all have a refund you owe me amp ive been trying to solve my account issue w/ you all Agent: We understand. Please send us a message so we can further assist.
Customer: Just got a burrito from for 3. Haha Agent: Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: I bought LUMIX amp sensor crapped w/in 6 months. it is been in repair 6 wks. At this point, I say go another brand. cc/ Agent: We have forwarded your information to our team, we will be in contact with you.
Customer: I have got through amp Nikita elained to me that the bills will update in the next 3 days I will keep an eye on it amp let you know! Agent: Ah, no worries Keep us informed. we are always happy to help.
Customer: Seriously , those so called portion things you all use for your tacos need some improvements. This is unacceptable. Agent: We can do better. message us.
Customer: . Its been 6 days you guys promised to give me the Uber Credits.. But I cannot see any credits in my Account ..plzz see to it Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: Hi. How can I restrict results to German language books, while searching titles on amazon.de? Agent: Hi, just a question at the beginning do you prefer answers in German or English?
Customer: you are driver will leave it at the door, whether I am home or not. Agent: Please message us your tracking number amp phone number and we will see what we can do.
Customer: Thanks for my 3 burrito bowl ily Agent: We love you right back. Becky
Customer: Black Halloween Pizza PapaJohns Agent: we are sorry your order is over cooked! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thanks!
Customer: thanks for making those of us that gate checked our bags getting off a plane at 1am stand around baggage in atl Agent: Sorry for the wait Carlye. we are working hard on getting your bag out to you.
Customer: still wont let me download it Agent: Glad to help! Please follow us via Twitter and let us know so we can send you a Direct Message with further instructions.
Customer: I just did. Agent: Hi, the outage is still open in your area and working to get it restored as quickly as possible. Thanks for your patience. Mary
Customer: When will this be fixed? Agent: Morning, Vincent! To clarify, what brand is your Smart TV? we are working to roll out Live TV to more devices in the future.
Customer: Broooo just hooked me up with 2 chicken bowls for 3.25 each! even if I wasn’t wearing a costume. blessed Agent: I am glad we were able to hook you up! Becky
Customer: I’m convinced that I can not eat chipotle no more like it messed my stomach all the way up Agent: This is concerning to hear. Please let our team know at the link Jen
Customer: When goes out, routinely throttles hotspotting. Watching Walking Dead in ~240p is real spooky, thx. Happy Halloween Agent: Val, you need a smooth streaming eerience! Send us a message and we can take a look at how we can improve your eerience TerriL
Customer: Perth. Agent: Thank you Stuart, I will pass this on Janay
Customer: When has 3 burritos on Halloween Agent: Ha! I love it. Becky
Customer: just updated Apple Watch to 4.1. Is ESPN radio etc only available in USA, can’t get it on my watch in the Agent: We want to help you. That station may not be available. Availability of live stations varies depending on your location.
Customer: Yes I am! I’m located in Hawaii. Everytime I try to log in via laptop cell phone it just returns me back to the log in page! Help me Agent: ...that aspect out, and then contact the ISP/phone provider for more assistance on this matter.
Customer: look at my download speed. Been like this for past 30 min! Agent: we would love to take a closer look at what is happening. Please message so we can help! JohnWard
Customer: I have had 10 emails trying to get UberEats charges moved to a correct card. 3 of 6 moved, getting run around. Help! Agent: Here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can assist.
Customer: Omg is so trash!!!! Agent: I am sorry you feel this way! What is going on? Please message your tracking number, address and phone number.
Customer: I have shared the details I need immediate solution for this I have to give order today Agent: Thanks. we will check and revert at the earliest.
Customer: Wells Fargo is the WORST bank I have ever banked with. I do NOT recommend them whatsoever! Agent: I am sorry you feel this way. Can you give me more info about what happened so I can look into it and try to help no acct ?
Customer: I will try it once I wrestle it from the kid! Agent: Ok, once you navigate to the Settings, Preferences, then General make sure the setting AutoTune to HD Channels is on.
Customer: why cannot I buy games? It will not let me Agent: Hello Ryan! For assistance please follow us and send us a Direct Message, we look forward to your reply.
Customer: Why is your anime selection devoid of dubs or incomplete? Please add more. Agent: Hi! Streaming rights vary from show to show but we would be happy to share your request. Any particular shows youd like more of?
Customer: im having issues trying to play Minecraft Xbox One Edition when i already own Minecraft Agent: Hello! You would need to purchase the Xbox One version of the game to be able to play it.
Customer: I ended up still having a T4 timeout despite the changes the tech made the other day. last night at 2340 Agent: Had you been able to run traceroutes or pings around that time? Did you see degradation of speed around the time of the T4?
Customer: This contest commences from today.There was a similar contest whose last date was 31st oct 2017. Agent: Winners of the app jackpot will be announced on November 3, 2017. You can find the list here
Customer: why is your AMZL US shipping service not show more updates online? I had another package with this not delivered. Agent: Are you currently waiting on the delivery of a delayed order?
Customer: I received excellent customer service tonight from Laura. Please PM if you want additional info to look up my acct info. Agent: that is what we love to hear Allison.
Customer: as of last week I have not accumulated any bonga points despite the fact that I put airtime on a daily basis. Kindly assist Agent: message your number for us to check and assist.
Customer: I seem to have bad luck in trying to get undamaged books from . Sometimes it is damaged in delivery, but this one was packed this way. Agent: I am sorry about the damage, Raymond! Have you elored options for refund/replacement here
Customer: Hi! Having issue with an old account, no idea what the login/email is for it but I know the Agent: Hi there, Please check your DMs for further instructions.
Customer: Update got ‘em Agent: Success! Becky
Customer: Walked into to see zero exaggeration 150 people waiting in line in costume for 3 burritos nope Agent: We should zip through everyone quickly! Becky
Customer: InDesign 13.0 is eorting all PDFs with blurry links, but links are not missing in INDD file. JPG eort is not blurry. Help! Agent: Hi Jake, any screenshots you can share? What are you eort settings? Is this happening on all files with links? Wren
Customer: 1 That makes better than U! When somebody throws up in a drivers vehicle they remove the rating! Especially if they have to Agent: Sorry to hear that. We just sent you a .
Customer: need to get to Philadelphia or JFK airport on saturday morning to attend a family wedding. Can someone help me with this? Agent: If you need to speak to an agent, please call our Sales team Cec
Customer: I told you moron I am not using the app, pay attention your just as bad as your service Agent: We verified the website is working properly. Please clear your cache and cookies and try again.
Customer: and you all mess my order up so often! If I order a tote of Cookies and a single cookie comes, you got an issue. Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: You need to redo the queso. Horrible powder blah!!! Look on the back of a velveta box there is a recipe there for cheese dip Agent: We use real ingredients, and we are working with our Menu Development team. We hope you give it another shot soon. Becky
Customer: Residential Agent: Are you using the My Fios app? What message are you getting?
Customer: What The F... !!? You don’t deliver to my area after 6pm?!! Fine I’ll get pizzas from they don’t make me feel like a criminal! Agent: we are sorry about this! What is the stores address and we will forward your feedback. Thanks!
Customer: no audio tonight except background music! Show and some commercials in Charleston What is going on?! whytho Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your concerns and I am happy to help! Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: Please keep Brown sugar bacon year round or bring back bourbon brown sugar bacon. Agent: We will share your request with our Menu team for the future.
Customer: This is very irritating. When I request a call, each time on the call it says, you do not have any order. For more info visit website. Poor! Agent: I apologize for this. Request you to share the details using this link and we will look into it.
Customer: BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Respond or we’re out. Heard Verizon is fire. Agent: Let us know if we can be of assistance.
Customer: Hi, can you please provide me with an email address that I can contact about my flight booking and cancelation? Agent: Can you message us your booking reference, full name, full address and phone number? DaniH
Customer: Seems pretty widespread do not mean to be a jerk, but it is frustrating when an update breaks core functionality. Agent: Unfortunately, we are not able to reproduce it at our end. I will still be checking with the development team to find out more on this.
Customer: Hi. When are you guys having promo for the premium accs? Thanks Agent: Hey! We do not have any info about this right now, but we will be sure to pass on your feedback to the right folks /
Customer: Till now I have noticed it in a couple of episodes of mike and molly and also in the middle Agent: Thanks for bringing this to our notice we will check and forward this internally for review.
Customer: when you use for the first time and your order gets canceled and you still get charged!! nice!! Agent: we are sorry to hear this. Can you please send us a message with your email address so we can look into this?
Customer: hey! I am going on a cruise, do I need to do anything so my debit card is good? Agent: Hi! Please set up a travel notification on or by calling us at the number on your card for help.
Customer: can you confirm double meat and guac are included in the 3 price Agent: They are included. Jen
Customer: I heard a wonderful and heartwarming story from my passenger yesterday about the airline helping her after breaking her foot. It does not surprise me. Southwest is a great company. Agent: We love taking care of our Passengers, Thomas. Thanks for sharing the love.
Customer: I just tried from a wired connection. Download speed at 153 mpbs, upload speed hovered at 0.5 mbps before ultimately asking me to try again later. I tried again and download speed hovered at 5 mbps and eventually failed. Agent: Please follow and message us.
Customer: flight BA0471 3 hour delay on Tarmac with loads of kids onboard no food/drink provided jokeairline notimpressed Agent: we are so sorry for the delay, Sheena. I know the was then an aircraft change, I hope the crew updated you. Did you purchase any food? Dani
Customer: Life sucks without Netflix... thanks Agent: I apologize for the lack of internet. If youd like to message with your account number, I can take a look for you. Scott
Customer: I still need weekly sales report for /7. I call every day about this. I will continue to tweet and call until it is fixed. DMd you. Agent: We’ve responded to your message with some more info on this. Let us know if you have any questions! Thank you!
Customer: Yes! The console turn on but the TV keeps No signal Agent: Thanks for that! let us try the steps here to see if that helps with your console.
Customer: Yo my PS4 has been turning on by itself recently and constantly ejecting the game disc that is in. What the heck is going on? Agent: Very odd. Please turn off the console and disconnect all the cables from it for 3 minutes, then try again.
Customer: The moment I tweeted you guyz i got a call from ur agent stating that he will pickup the product tomorrow really bad service complain Agent: Sorry for the delay. I will be sure to pass on your feedback. Kindly wait until the mentioned time frame. Do keep us posted.
Customer: have not received my refund, it is been more than a week Agent: Sorry for the delay. Have you received the refund reference number?
Customer: last time i seek assistance n the same issue prevail today. whn you cnt gv service thn say no, why giving headache 2 customers? Agent: Apologies. Kindly let us know, where did we go wrong. We would like to make things right for you.
Customer: my dasher has been 58 minutes away for 40 minutes. what is going on? they will not respond. Agent: Hi Becca, Please message us and we will surely look into this for you right away. Thanks DoorDash
Customer: are Lyft Line flat fare passes happening for November? cannot find info anywhere! Agent: Hey there! We recommend checking your email for any news about upcoming promotions!
Customer: why your videos on Germany breaks too? Agent: Have you already tried a restart? Kind regards
Customer: Adobe premiere stopped working Agent: Hi, we’re so sorry to hear this. Can you provide more detail on what’s going on? We’re here to help, just need more info. Madison
Customer: I am assuming it is by Amazon since I chose Amazon global priority shipping. this is the link to the product page. Agent: Please reach out to us by phone here
Customer: it has, but not for some time now. i’ve tried with two different apple ids but it’s still not showing up on my phone Agent: Thanks for clarifying. let us meet in message so we can do more indepth on this.
Customer: what’s the best way to get in touch with lost amp found? Missing Bose headphone case on a flight from MSY to MDW on Wednesday. Agent: Hey, Colin. Did you file a lost and found report yet? If not, please do so here
Customer: そういえば、電熱ヒーターもどきをAmazonで買ってたな。寒くなったし試すか。´ω｀ あったーえっ、…入らない いや、でもヒーター部分は使えるかも❕❗❕ …縫い糸がケーブル貫通しとるやないかーい まあ、400円だから…またなんか探そっと 皆さんも防寒対策お気をつけください Agent: ご迷惑をおかけしております。お届けした商品に問題があった場合、Amazonが発送する商品は返品・交換（可能な商品のみ）にて対応させていただいております。お手数ですが、リンクをご参照の上お手続きください。
Customer: why would pilot land 55 mins early no gate avail? DL 088 on ground LAX we are stuck in seats plz let us use the lav legscrossed Agent: We appreciate your constructive feedback and are taking it under serious advisement.
Customer: why do I not have my October challenge ring after competition? Agent: If you complete an achievement, but do not earn the award, you will earn the award within 9 days of completing the challenge.
Customer: I hope the dumb bitch that stole my wallet in my pool chokes on a dick and gets a week load of diarrhea! Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: My plane went from landing early to being late. Still sitting on plane with no gate! sfoairport virginamerica Agent: Hey, you rhymed! Sorry about the lack of gate. What flight are you on? Julie
Customer: Fix my shit Agent: we are always ready to help, but we will need more details to start. Reply by message with which model is it and what is happening with it.
Customer: why is it that the only channel I cannot watch is USA Network? A girl is trying to watch Smackdown Agent: We want you to be able to enjoy your programming. What issue are you having and does it happen on all TVs?
Customer: Thankx Agent: You are welcome! Feel free to contact us for assistance in the future.
Customer: We are now finally about to take off flight 2576 only 2 and a half hours later. Is there anything you can do to make this right? Agent: Can you message your confirmation to the link provided? I will look into this for you.
Customer: Yesterday I upgraded photoshop cc to the latest version. Shift Ctrl Alt S key does not work properly. Agent: Would you mind providing more details about the issue? we would certainly follow up. Raj
Customer: uhhhhmmmm they pulled up to my house and didn’t deliver my package??????? Agent: Please message us your tracking and contact number via the link so we can look into this for you.
Customer: please check DM, waiting for reply Agent: Hi Hoon, we has respond via DM, see you there! Anwar
Customer: It needs to be fixed. Permanently. Now. Agent: Hi Fɍ1sꝀɇNsŦɇƗn , please message account info including street address so we can look into this. Greg
Customer: why to you promise false discounts with wrong mrp ...the device I bought showed a mrp of 7999 when its actual mrp is 7499 Agent: from our sellers. You may also visit this link for more information.
Customer: What the hell ?! This boxed is beyond damaged. I wanted a new one! Agent: I am sorry! Was it shipped by Amazon or a thirdparty seller as seen here
Customer: my package was ‘accidentally’ opened.. 4 items missing worth £97. You need better delivery drivers!! Agent: I am sorry your order arrived in this condition! Please reach out to us for available options
Customer: I think he was legit Agent: Either that or someone was super dedicated to the costume. Becky
Customer: When said your refund would be in in 24 hours, and 5 days and an email later and no response or refund Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: Team SAN making passengers smile on Halloween. Agent: Sounds like a HalloWN to us! Enjoy your flight!
Customer: why ask for people to standdown on flight at airport surely in days of social media is ease to ask early ??? Agent: Hi Courtney. All airlines oversell on certain flights that have a high number of passengers who fail to turn up. So it is not very often
Customer: Wait forget everything, my favorite part of the night was when a guy in front of us paid for our boorito halloween Agent: Gotta love people paying it forward. Becky
Customer: All this to say it’s a really sad day when you learn that does not, in fact, have the meats. Agent: Abby, please email our Guest Support team more details to email amp we will address.
Customer: your agents made people check bags because the flight is full, yet many people have taken up overhead bins with coats. Agent: Your cabin crew will only prevent people from stowing their coats away, if there is no space left. Kimbers
Customer: Is it possible to receive a copy of a boarding pass from an old flight? I need it for business. Agent: Hi, Lia! Thanks for reaching out. If you can please message us here, I would be happy to assist you.
Customer: Hey please tell your vendors that addressing packages to customer or current resident is not acceptable shipping procedures. Agent: We would love to help in any way. Please provide your feedback here for review
Customer: You are the worst cellphone company in PUERTO RICO Agent: Hi there! What makes you feel this way?
Customer: you all charged my account 8 times ..... uhhh Agent: Hey there! Could you send us a message with your accounts email address? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: Text, but I do not care anymore sick of your company harassing me, I will just not pay Agent: Does it register the mobile number associated with the account?
Customer: Noone came through before we got off at Stafford. I pity the passengers who had to put up with them still on train to London Euston Agent: Really sorry again, we will be sure to pass your comments on in regards to this
Customer: You guys make it really hard to give feedback. Called the store, no answer. cannot send msg on FB. What are my options? Agent: I am so sorry about that. Please provide more details here Becky
Customer: why is it my payment/order to a certain company seems to be in limbo? Contacted company and they have no order??? Agent: that is a bit odd. I will be happy help, just send me a DM!
Customer: How can I have a package in transit returned to the shipper? I do not want the package. Agent: We would be able to submit a return to shipper after the first delivery attempt.
Customer: Is there any chance you folks might consider serving Lakes Region NH? Desperately miss the speed, reliability, and service here! Agent: Lisa, Cox does not service NH. If that changes in the future you will receive a mailer. Thank you for your interest. Karen
Customer: what is up with the XB party menu? Since yesterday I think I cannot scroll down it to get to the Leave Party option. Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. Can you message us your gamertag and a description of the issue you are seeing?
Customer: I want my amazon payments account CLOSED. message me please. Agent: I am unable to affect your account via Twitter. For real time support, phone or chat use this link
Customer: thinking of leaving tmobile.. forampT Agent: Hey buddy, we would hate to see you leave! Send me a message so we can talk about it. SultanGardezy
Customer: i was over charged for an item and i did not notice until i clicked buy. Can you message me for more details Agent: Hi Tyler. Please check your DMs for further instructions.
Customer: The most relevant setting on watch list is a waste of time and as a default setting adds a step. Stop it. Agent: Hey Rachel I will definitely pass that insight over to our tech team. Thank you for reaching out to us.
Customer: Why I am being charged 5? I put the correct address and the driver got mixed up. Now I get the cancellation charge? Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: I have a ps4 and have had it in the same spot then I moved it to a different spot then moved it back and it has low signal. Agent: Here to assist! To improve your connection, please check the info in the links
Customer: APPLE WHY IS MY “I️’s” coming out as question marked boxes amp pounds ?! Fix it jeezus Agent: Hi. We are here to help. What version of iOS do you have?
Customer: I have given up on long grain rice, non easy cook version. I will go to Sainsbury for it. Agent: Hi Louise, our Every Day Value long grain rice is not easy cook If you message me your postcode I will check that it is available in stores near you. Thanks Dafydd
Customer: Thankful for our amazing partner . Going to be a great day at the GreatestSetting. Agent: Happy to be there and enjoying all the sights and sounds! Tara
Customer: Internet down, again. 7th time this month, I believe. <number>. Agent: we are still here to help. Can you try doing a test wired in?
Customer: Having issues getting the website to load so I can login to my account. Are you eeriencing tech problems? Agent: Hi Josh. Let me look into this for you. Pls click here to send info on what browser you r using, acct type/country no accts
Customer: hey why cannot I find Steven universe save the light. is not supposed to be out already?? Agent: Hi there, there might be a delay with the service, You can find the title here Let us know the results
Customer: thanks for sending me a new modem that doesn’t work. Your agent can’t even turn the old one back on so my daughter can do homework Agent: Hi Anthony, I can look into this. Please message us your full name and street address. Thanks. Mary
Customer: See after getting amount it happens that eveyone become unable in assisting. Agent: Due to which we do not have an option to call you back, please use the link provided earlier to request a call back.
Customer: Thanks Becky! Just feeling sorry for myself because my fiancé is driving from D.C. To Mississippi tonight Agent: Whoa – that does not sound like a fun road trip. we will be here with you every step of the way, though! Becky
Customer: pls I dnt hv this freedata bt hv used Up to 100mb plus 300 worth of call card. Now You are even charging me 1 naira per mb why Agent: We apologize for any inconvenience you may have eerienced. Kindly provide your number. Thank you. .
Customer: screwed up. Now me and 12 other recruits are staying the night in Dallas ! Kinda excited Agent: we are sorry for the situation, but we are happy you are making the best of it, John. Please let us know if we can help.
Customer: I’m sorry but What The F... is this Agent: We want to help you. message us, and we will look into this deeper.
Customer: I need my weekly sales report from /7. Will continue to call the Philippines until this issue is fixed though I doubt this helps. Agent: let us take a look. Can I ask you to message us your email address, full name and registered postal code so we can review?
Customer: why does not blue light filter work on kids account on the fire kids edition? Agent: I am sorry! Blue Shade is not a supported feature on child profiles.
Customer: So.. which one is right? Always auto message and not answering if they do not want to.Are they LOYAL? Agent: Hello, Tae! Thanks for your patience. Please check your message for our reply.
Customer: sucks so bad. Always switching to roaming so they can charge me whatever the hell they want. Get a real network! Agent: we would be more than willing to take a look at the area for you if you can message us a good intersection, J.
Customer: need help! Sent a message and no one has replied yet. Agent: I’d like to know more. Please use the link below to send us your name/ZIP/phone and I’ll call. kc
Customer: I’d like at least one month to go by where I don’t have to say how crappy the service is with in Vegas amp how much I despise them Agent: Hello, this does not sound good. Can you message the account name and complete service address? We would like to help. Dan
Customer: The Wild Thing heard there was a 3 special at 4 Halloween amp couldn’t pass it up He hopes Chipotle will sponsor his team Agent: Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: never got my food from Travis. Absolute bullshit. Never ordering again. Agent: Here to help! Contact us here so we can take a closer look.
Customer: there is a bug when we type the capital letter i ... fix it it’s annoying. Agent: We want to help you. message us, and we can look into what is going on.
Customer: Says I cannot message you. Agent: Oh no! even with tapping the link and then the box in the link? let us try again! MikeVance
Customer: website impossible to navigate all I want to do is email about a faulty item 20 min going round in circles. Infuriating Agent: I am sorry for the trouble! let us go over your available options here
Customer: i have a serious problem i need help with. Agent: I am sorry to hear about this trouble you are running into. Please send me a message and I can help you further.
Customer: Sorry team, our Wifi is still down due to ongoing problems with Disappointing but we will keep you posted. Agent: Hello, I apologize about the interruption and I can further investigate this. Please message me the full name and address on the account.
Customer: I updated my iPhone and now the Bluetooth is constantly on. Why? Agent: Hi. With the iOS 11 update, it can be disabled in your settings. For more information, please visit
Customer: i got a no show fee when I asked the driver to come around the corner he said yes and canceled on me. Your bot is not working. Agent: Oh, dear! CAn you send us a message with your phone number so we can help?
Customer: Halloween isn’t complete unless you get your bowl with guacamole for 3 for wearing a costume! buzzlightyear halloween Agent: So true! Becky
Customer: very worst service, drivers are too assholes, they cancel rides themselves and app ask us to pay... Agent: we are sorry to hear this was your eerience. Contact us via and we will be in touch.
Customer: GUYS IS DOING 3 BURRITOS FOR ANYONE IN A COSTUME Agent: TRUTH! Becky
Customer: hola lo que pasa esque no recuerdo la contraseña del correo ni tampoco el usuario y por lo tanto no puedo entrar al chat en vivo Agent: Por favor siguenos en Twitter para brindarte asistencia por mensajes directos.
Customer: my driver went 10 minutes out of the way adding more money to my ride than it was originally Agent: Here to help! Contact us here so we can take a closer look.
Customer: AMZL Agent: Please provide your details here and my team will escalate to Amazon Logistics.
Customer: I havent. Is there a phone number for that team? Agent: Hello, if you wish to speak to someone directly sooner. You can dial <number> for support. Dan
Customer: HR4HR thanks ! Agent: Awesome Hashtag! Tell all your friends to Hashtag HR4HR, and let us see how much we can raise! EddieGough
Customer: Thank you, Agent: you are welcome, friend. Becky
Customer: Everybody I’ve met at Walmart is so friendly! I love it. Agent: We want you to leave our store with a smile on your face. Sabi
Customer: I am new to nike run club app, should i start with guided runs or my couch? Agent: While the Coach plans can be weeks in time. it is up to you to decide what fits you best.
Customer: Seriously ? I order 6 identical washing up bowls and they are all being dispatched as separate orders? My phone is buzzing nonstop! Agent: Sorry for the inconvenience! Check out how to manage your notifications here
Customer: terrible customer service. 3 dysfunctional refurbished phones in 2 weeks. badservice Agent: Ni Nicos, thank you for reaching out to us. I replied to your message and look forward to working with you. JasonYaddow
Customer: any chance you guys found some beats headphones left on flight DL0929 yesterday? Agent: Hello Troy I am here to help. Please provide you ticket number via message for assistance.
Customer: Wow how can you refer me to apple and not fix my problem? After 15 years. Not 1 bill cycle unacceptable UnCarrier Shopforservice Agent: Uh oh! Let us take a look at this and see how we can get you to a resolution Mark. message us and we will work together. KananiB
Customer: a Becky with the good hair Agent: I see what you did there... Becky
Customer: Find this terrifying. Hard to use self check out kiosks, grateful amp let me go human recently. Agent: ask if you wish for any help or questions. we are here and will respond as quickly as we can . Oliver
Customer: you guys are having a UTF8 issue with your text in your Android app. Agent: Thanks for bringing this to our attention. we have shared the details w/the appropriate team to get that fixed!
Customer: E já estou desesperada achando que não vai dar tempo da entregar o terceiro livro antes de eu teminar esse. Agent: Oi Juliana. Qual é a data de entrega do seu pedido?
Customer: I have already called twice with no elanation. They say I canceled, someone took over acct, or something missing. Again, never Agent: Hello. Can you provide your full name, zip code, and additional details so we can see how we can help?
Customer: Amazing crew, today at Denver. Agent: Our Crews love to show their funloving attitudes. Thanks for sharing Halloween with us!
Customer: guys, your uber eats customer service is garbage. I ordered something by mistake, tried to cancel it to no Agent: we are here to help. Can you please send us a message with your email address so we can connect?
Customer: did amazon get hacked? Agent: we would like to help! Have you noticed any unauthorized activity on your account?
Customer: Yes, that’s the one Agent: I see what you mean. I have resubmitted your ticket for credit. It should be posted within 7 days.
Customer: the 5 app on Xboxes not working error code 200, done a power cycle and still the same? Please fix app Agent: Can you show us what is appearing on your screen?
Customer: They sent the feckin order to Germany! Some dozy driver is looking for an address in the wrong country! I am so done with Amazon! Agent: Oh my! I am sorry for the troubles! Contact us by Phone or Chat amp we will be glad to help!
Customer: Any chance yall are gonna EVER fix the stuck hand tool and constant stuck drag selection? The only version I can use is 2015. Agent: Which OS are you using? Do you have any recording of this issue so we can investigate further? Wren
Customer: hi! I got a spam request for payment, I tried canceling but still shows on my account. How do I go about this? Agent: Hi there! I am sorry to hear about this situation. Please send us a message with some more details about this!
Customer: cancels BA228 D. C. LHR on 3 Nov, but refuses to give a free upgrade for inconvenience caused. Sad. LuxuryTravel Agent: accept our apologies. We need to be fair to everyone who has unfortunately, also been disrupted . Oliver
Customer: great cannot even use my vudu code Agent: Sorry for the delay! Just sent you a DM, Julian! CherneilRandolph
Customer: Thank You for reply. Understand the concern for safety. Otherwise great flight appreciate getting us home safe during very busy holiday weekend. Agent: On behalf of AFC, again, we appreciate your feedback.
Customer: Just spoke to a useless member of your staff. Didnt care about 6 of our 7 cases still lost. They might turn up in 3 or 4 days wtf!!!!! Agent: Hi Janette. Were you given a WorldTracer reference? If so you can check for updates here Lolly
Customer: being charged for amazon prime amp when I go to cancel it, it’s saying I’m not a member Agent: Hmm... we would like to take a better look at this with you. Please reach us via phone/chat here
Customer: exactly the same problem. Agent: Hi. We are unable to access external links. Provide us with more details of this issue in order to assist you better.
Customer: Bummed folks at work didn’t get my costume BUT the guy did amp that’s all that matters!! 3 bowl bennyrodriguezsandlot Agent: we will always ahve your back. Becky
Customer: Another day another Halloween shop.. really stepped up. Love the diverse range of pumpkins! Halloween pumpkins mumlife Agent: Hi Carrie. Thanks for taking the time to share your feedback ~. Glad you like itTabby
Customer: in the email iball support denies to provide it. It clearly states that it is unauthorized product and sellers responsibility Agent: Kindly obtain the same in writing from the manufacturer and we will be sure to assist you further.
Customer: Is season pass going to be 50 after the release of COD WW2 or will it stay at 40? Agent: Hi! There is no information to share at the moment, stay tuned to our Blog for updates here
Customer: Shoutout to apple. Had my screen replaced about a month thru asurion, it got all messed up after I cracked it again... Agent: Do you need assistance filing a claim?
Customer: Thank you for the advice to make the connection. After a long long day it is appreciated topwork Agent: Happy the team could help
Customer: Okay amazon lost my package Great! Agent: Oh no! I am sorry to hear your order has not arrived! Have you had a chance to contact us about this issue? If so, what options were we able to provide? We want to make sure this issue has been resolved for you!
Customer: Wore my hoodie to w/whole family in costume amp it scored me my boorito bowl for 3 ScientistForHalloween Agent: We dig it! Thanks for stopping by. Happy Halloween!
Customer: Iam do it Agent: Thank you. Please check your DMs for further instructions.
Customer: “Wrong place at the wrong time.” Modern Day I only wear costumes for anymore Agent: Becky
Customer: Nice day for a spin Agent: Looks like a great day to fly! Kimball
Customer: amazonの梱包雑…珍しい。しかも、資格のテキスト少しページ曲がってしまってるし2冊が合体してたし… Agent: ご迷惑をおかけしております。もしお届けした商品に問題があった場合、Amazonが発送する商品は返品・交換（可能な商品のみ）にて対応させていただいております。その場合には、お手数ですが、リンクをご参照の上お手続きください。
Customer: Forgot to get my receipt at . There goes a chance at burritos for a year. Ugh. Agent: Hopefully there will be more receipts to come. Becky
Customer: Laserjet Pro M102w will not print. Drivers install and windows finds printer but I get an error hpcswus hpprnt Agent: To better assist you, click on the option below and reply. Thanks! Anoop
Customer: Hey what about the iphone8appquiz ? Agent: The result for the contest is out and heres the link
Customer: . I ORDERED CHIPS AND QUESO AND I GOT NO CHIPS PLEASE HELP Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can further assist.
Customer: Hey !Do You ever respond to your replies on the website?The instructions said to reply and I did. It’s been a week. Bad Customer Service. Agent: That’s not what we like to hear, and we’d love to help you! message us the details on what happened?
Customer: Shout out to Tuscaloosa for giving me a free meal for dressing up as a skeleton Agent: Shout out to you for stopping by! Becky
Customer: I managed to checkout thank you luckily did not loose me space Agent: Hi Rach, I am glad to learn this has been resolved Ty James
Customer: how do you preload on ps4 Agent: Hi there! Information to download Preordered content is available here
Customer: The last time I had was Halloween 2016. SO EXCITED theyearlongwait Agent: it will be worth the wait, I am sure. Nice costume! Becky
Customer: Hey Becky,lets say one does not have a costume,could one still get that deal? Asking for a very hungry friend Agent: You need a costume. I have faith that you can get creative! Becky
Customer: Thank you for the link applied amp approved. Score! Agent: Awesome! Happy spending!
Customer: i gotta take a 20 lyft cause my only route home detoured for construction so if you all wanna help Agent: Hello! Could you please message with the phone number associated with your Lyft account?
Customer: Did all that genius, now it is telling me I need to create a new temporary password, still waiting for you to send it to me. it is been awhil Agent: Glad to hear your no longer getting that unavailable at this time message.
Customer: not sure what is happening but ur live stream service has been horrible the past week in <number>. reboot. reinstall. reset. Agent: We had a few issues earlier this week but nothing to report currently. What device is it? Try out these
Customer: Seriously. You guys need to get your crap together. Internet up and down for days in Texas. Agent: My apologies for any issues you are currently having. I would be happy to help anyway we can. Please message your service p...
Customer: HP8620 cannot connect on wireless network hppsdr ijkhelp Agent: direct message by clicking on the link below. Cheers Mat
Customer: No mail Agent: we have responded to you via .
Customer: Happy Halloween!! Dress up at least for the !!! Chipotle Agent: Becky
Customer: I’m so pissed about the terrible customer service I just got from Darrell because my pizza says delivered and it wasn’t Agent: we are sorry to hear this, Allison! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thanks!
Customer: Do you guys even care? I am stuck after paying. Cannot make calls. Feels really bad that I took this plan. Agent: Hello , kindly assist with stated issue. Thank you. Osebi.
Customer: My flight back to SF just got upgraded thanks ! Agent: Congrats on the upgrade, Davina! Enjoy! ✈✈
Customer: 予約できていますか？ 予約番号 JJ9RPC 予約できていますか？ Agent: Hi Eiji, is it okay we assist you in English? ThanksSha
Customer: Thanks !! HappyHalloween2017 Agent: Right back atcha! Jen
Customer: Racine, Agent: Thanks. we are on it, Emma.
Customer: It was when I would go to download it. I just waited a few hours till after I bought it and it downloaded now. Agent: Glad to know that is downloading, please feel free to contact us if you have further concerns.
Customer: no problem, so it is the number 4 am I correct? Agent: Correct. If you have any other support questions, just let us know.
Customer: I thought it was 3 burritos if we showed up in costume? Agent: It absolutely should be. Please write to us here Becky
Customer: highlight of my day was getting a great burrito from Agent: Is that Rosie? Well played, my friend. Becky
Customer: The pumpkins will be enjoyed by many families this holiday season who might otherwise not have one. So thank you very much! Agent: you are more than welcome! It makes us very happy to hear that. Sabi
Customer: what’s going on with flight 301 DTW gt DFW? Delayed over 3 hours. Will it be canceled? Agent: Looks like it has a maintenance delay and it is currently scheduled to take off at 1010p.
Customer: hi. I have just received a skymiles card from Amex. How can I check my skymiles account using the number on the card? Agent: Hi Bruno, you can put this number online at and access your account.
Customer: Yeah I know how to check it. there is no information still Agent: Please keep an eye on your emails and check your junk/spam folder. we will let you know once we have confirmed a date.
Customer: Worst eerience in shopping no product no refund , been 40 days. Famp it Agent: Please report this to our support team here and we will look into this.
Customer: Es una devolucion Agent: Comprendo. ¿Ya entraste en contacto con el transportista?
Customer: I need your help. I have an unauthorized charge on my card from your company. Please help Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here, and our team will follow up.
Customer: you do a great job empowering your employees/managers to do the right thing for customers, oh wait, you don’t. Never coming back. Agent: Please message us more details about your eerience, so we can take a further look and assist you. Thanks for your patience!
Customer: Still waiting on to compensate for all the crap they put and I through on our honeymoon...almost a year ago. Agent: Did you file a report with us? If you did, please send us a message and include that in so we can take a look.
Customer: Dear .... you all icontour TV thing is trash... Like I cannot even elain how uninterested I am in watching TV now that I have it Agent: Hello, this does not sound good. Can you message the account name and complete service address? We would like to help. Dan
Customer: Don’t worry about it.... I’m just going to see what other companies offer Agent: We understand, but in order for us to further assist you, you need to inform us on your issue. We would hate to see you goDD
Customer: dealing with a driver who is literally incompetent and just swore down the phone, i hope this isn’t what ubereats stands for? Agent: we are so sorry for the trouble. Send us a note via so we can assist.
Customer: I sent a proposal to ur sponsorship dept n for 2months n more I have not received reply.I have even sent numerous follow up mail Agent: We apologize, Kindly be patient. Your mail will be attended to. Thank you.
Customer: The ‘Overlapping url over TIME on Free WiFi hotspots’ remains. v11.0.3. Not a WiFi problem two different hotspots shown. Agent: we would like to have you backup and update your iPhone to iOS 11.1 and let us know if that helps
Customer: I’m no eert in battery life but 40 doesn’t go to 7 in 5minutes Agent: We understand your concerns, and want to help. Which device is this happening on?
Customer: When it is 3 dollar burritos on Halloween Agent: The force was strong with you I see. Jen
Customer: Sent to same group of contacts one is non iPhone user worked with photo didn’t work with pano Agent: we would love to continue working with you. let us move the conversation to .
Customer: For some reason the add photo button was not working in the DM, so I will send it here. Agent: When the Priority App is updated permissions change, you can turn them off in Settings gt Applications gt Priority App. O2Guru
Customer: what’s going on at MBJ? Longest line I’ve ever seen in my life. Not sure we’ll make our flights? Agent: Sorry for the long lines in Montego Bay. Our Employees will do their best to get you moving as quickly as possible.
Customer: No sound on FXNow? 150 mbps with FiOS isn’t the issue. Please fix this?! It’s the AHSCult Halloween finale. FX Fail Agent: Oh no, is this impacting both SD and HD feeds on all your TVs?
Customer: Done online checkin but do not have the credit card can I still fly? Agent: Hi there, you can still travel as long as you declared you will not have the card with you upon booking your trip.Jo
Customer: still outside in the cold waiting after 24 minutes. I’m trying to give y’all the benefit of the doubt. But y’all won’t let me cancel Agent: Sorry for the trouble! Send us a note here, and our team will follow up.
Customer: AT WHAT POINT CAN I EECT TO WATCH A LIVE PROGRAM WITHOUT BUFFERING EVERY FEW MINUTES Agent: Oh no! Which device do you use? Are all channels affected? For now, please try a quick reboot of your devicemodem/router.
Customer: Hey i have not received my delivered order. Did you check around your house Laugh My A.. Off Agent: I am sorry you did not receive your order. Did our customer service agent provide a solution for you?
Customer: Thanks for getting me to and back from Vegas safe southwestairlines southwestair… Agent: All in a days work! See you again soon.
Customer: Worse eerience 0 customer service. 3 years of this? Agent: Hey, Abdul! We only want the best service for you at ALL times! Send us a DM, and we will assist you! KellenF
Customer: What’s with the I️ I️ I️ I️ I️ I️? I️ just want to write an I️ eye Agent: Can you confirm what iOS version you are running?
Customer: elain to me why my phone decides to stop working when you release new ones Agent: Please let us know what is happening with your iPhone. we are eager to offer our help and get things resolved.
Customer: Of course we are not flying to Vegas till Thurs today was free drink day on ... how perfect would thatve been Agent: Lucky for yall, drinks are an industry low 5 everyday. Cheers, ladies!
Customer: Please find attached screenshot Agent: I am sorry for the trouble. Please submit your details here and we will check right away.
Customer: Thank you so much. We would like to fly on an early flight which arrives in Hat Yai before 11am. The 0750 flight would be suitable. Agent: We have forwarded this to the team and you will receive the revised itinerary once done ya Teya Yana
Customer: How do I redeem my Rocket League Key that I recieved with my nvidia graphics card purchase from Newegg? Agent: Hi there! Direct message us with your order number and we can help you out!
Customer: im gonna take You up on your satisfactory offer amp return these. Theres an overwhelming taste of coconut amp milk powder but no curry! Agent: Also the supplier codeSC, would it be ok to pass your details to our supplier? TY Jayne
Customer: I have left my key in a taxi and need to get it back Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here and our team will be able to assist!
Customer: When i was not a member everything was under gaurantied delivery and once i paid for membership facility is limited Agent: We will consider this as feedback and ensure to pass it on internally for improvements.
Customer: thanks for not letting me watch the World Series. What a joke. Agent: Hello, this does not sound good. Can you message the account name and complete service address? We would like to help. Dan
Customer: . My driver broke down. Any tips on getting a refund? Agent: we are sorry to hear this was your eerience. Send us a note via so we can assist.
Customer: l’m watching episodes of Lost in Space and they are not complete. I compared them with ones on YouTube and parts are missing. Agent: Hi, Mike! We post content as received by the provider. If you let us know ep s and more details, we would be happy to investigate.
Customer: My internet is out Agent: Sorry to hear you are having issues with your service. Please message your account info so I can take a look.
Customer: I just wanted to let you know that the new update is crap and it wastes my battery more than ever before. Agent: We want to help. Which version of iOS 11 do you have installed on your device? Let us know in .
Customer: Added! India Agent: Awesome! Fingers crossed we will be available in India soon. If there is anything else, just give us a shout /
Customer: Thanks nick for the reply. But you can check my DMs i sent previously. They wont help. Agent: If you want change your mind, send us a message and we can chat about the pricing! NickSuzuki
Customer: I need to get in contact with someone who works for Xbox as need help Agent: Hello! Would you mind following us and sending a message when you are so we can gather more info?
Customer: Went to today and was informed that chorizo is no more.. my heart is broken.. how do I carry on.. Agent: I am sorry you are going to miss it. I hope you can find your new fave soon! Jen
Customer: This is incredibly frustrating and you need to resolve this ASAP. Agent: Hi Teya , Could you provide us the booking number for further checking. We will advise you accordingly. Thanks Khairul
Customer: hope to get my phone back that I just forgot recharging in a car SanJose California Agent: Oh, dear! Please reach out to our Lost amp Found team at
Customer: This pic speaks 1K words on how 2 lose business in retail. customerservice branding marketing fail genz entrepreneur bizdev Agent: Our apologies. We are here to help you. Please message for assistance and we will respond ASAP. Thank you.
Customer: I got this gaming mouse and my scroll broke in less than 2hrs of usage. Cc Agent: Oh no! Please direct message us your order number! we are here to help.
Customer: Just got married, need to change the name on upcoming flight tickets AND on my mileage plan! What should I do? Agent: Congrats! Our Reservations Team will need to assist you at 800 <number> Kimball
Customer: I got home from a long day school and went to eat my bowl but there was no tortilla in my baggie Agent: I am so sorry about that. I am confident we will include it next time. Becky
Customer: Got for lunch and said no tomato and no mayo. When I opened my sandwich back at work there was both.... cool thanksfornothing Agent: We apologize. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: I am geekin for sum rightnow Agent: Welcome to my life. what is your usual order? Becky
Customer: everything is in order, still no email received, it has been more than 2 weeks. do you have a support email? cannot find anywhere. Agent: Hi there. Please follow us via Twitter so we can send you a message with further instructions. Thanks!
Customer: Hello? So how do I contact someone if I cannot log in?! I am really concerned about what is happening with my acct and who has access to it! Agent: Hi Emma. I understand. You can use this link which does not require a log in to get in touch
Customer: is the worst internet provider ever. I will not be able to do school work until Tuesday, so are you paying for class if I fail? Agent: we will be glad to credit for the time without service once you are restored, Taylor, but cannot pay for the class unfortunately. Mike
Customer: This is what I was told and since then, no one contacted me asking about my email in order to provide further details. refund Agent: we are sorry you remain unhappy, Lara, but, as previously advised, we are not able to respond further to this matter.
Customer: normally i would not care, , but on world series night this is suboptimal Agent: Oh no! Please reach out to an inflight crewmember for options.
Customer: It’s always the same. Things will never change. I always end up lonely late at night with someone else’s tacos I thought you loved me. Agent: We do, Christopher. let us talk. message us.
Customer: Im following Agent: We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: I need to get information about refund from Groupon. Agent: Please send us your full name/ZIP/phone /account type so our Social Care Team can call you .sp
Customer: I have a few questions about a wearable I currently have with Verizon even tho I have switched to you recently Agent: Of course, Brandon. message us, we will be happy to help answer all your questions. JoanO
Customer: . Does Delta offer trip insurance and if so, what does it cover? Thanks! Agent: Thank you for asking. Check this link
Customer: Way to drop the ball on customer service so pissed right now! Agent: I am sorry we have let you down! Without providing any personal information, will you describe the issue? we would love to help.
Customer: I keep getting this error message saying “the item can’t be played” and idk how to fix it... Agent: we would like to look into this with you. Does the song appear to be greyed out?
Customer: package said to be delivered. No one at office remembers or signed for. Can you confirm who received? 1zycreditcard Agent: It is showing that this package was left at the front door. Please message us your complete address.
Customer: <number> Agent: If you did not get the sms, it means you were not qualified.
Customer: minimum effort on the turkey lunch at Bicester today, not as advertised I’m afraid !!! Agent: Hi there, sorry about this Simon. we would definitely eect more from our cafe. Can you send me a pic of your receipt please? Robbie
Customer: Replied via message Agent: We received your message and have responded to it. Thanks.
Customer: I am facing more bullshitting by Another package of mine is shown delivered yesterday Somethings wrong at amazon... Agent: Apologies for the mixup.I’d like to help you please fill this form and I’ll contact you soon.
Customer: fix the WiFi like what is y’all doing I got homework that’s due Agent: We want you connected. Do you get a red interent light after rebooting the router?
Customer: When you order a cheese mini quesadilla amp get a flour tortilla .. Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: Talked w/ cust. serv. yesterday. Just sent an email from link. Would like a straight answer abt my order. Agent: we would still like to help. What is the delivery date shown in the order email Who is the carrier?
Customer: And the issue is still not fixed! No one can help! All the info I get is wrong! I have been a customer for 12 yrs! Agent: I understand how frustrating this is and I am here to assist. I do apologize that I am not showing the contact number or private message.
Customer: how can I get in touch with someone that matters at Spring Corporate Agent: Just click ‘Message’ at the top of your profile. we are always here and eager to assist.
Customer: buggie spotted Agent: let us work this out! Have you been able to update to iOS 11.1? If not, use the steps here
Customer: Updated iPad Pro to 11.1. Worked on draft email. None of changes saved. Started new email. Saved but disappeared. Help please Agent: we will help in any way we can. Was this on an email account?
Customer: Jesus could you get my order right once? Agent: Where is this happening?
Customer: Hey unpredictable delivery processes r killing Amazon eerience in India. Loyal customers like me are dissatisfied. DO SOMETHING Agent: have reported the issue to our support team here
Customer: do you also support ubereats singapore? im reaching out here bec the support there is useless. any chance you could help? Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
Customer: 3 burritos at when you got a costume on Agent: True story. Thanks for the shout out! Becky
Customer: Will echo devices bought from US work in India, as ECHO has already been launched here ? Agent: The second generation echo will work in India.
Customer: hi! I was charged 55 dollars for my order when it said it was 36 bucks on the postmates app? Will that change? Thank you! Agent: Can you message us so we can check this out?
Customer: cannot believe I am about to leave the palomarDC had a wonderful time here for pugstakedc and a couple of extra days in the city Agent: We cannot believe it too, Jo we were so lucky to spend extra time with you. It sounded like a pugtastic time.
Customer: Hey delayed for 4 hours, from a 730am flight, so had to be here at the break of dawn! can you hook us up with some credit back for this? Ridiculous. Agent: Sorry to hear that. Please send a private message with your confirmation code so we can look into this. ~Angel
Customer: One of several questioning loyalty to after poor treatment by gate agent tonight. Flight 41 ORD to . Agent: we would like to forward this along, Mindy. Please message your record locator.
Customer: Yes but when I check the website it gives me the option of a standard room and a standard room VIP... what’s the difference? Agent: Pls message us the name of the hotel and location so we can look into the room details amp difference. Alternatively, you may
Customer: Hey, . You change your departure time by 10 mins amp give my friends seats away. WTF?!! Agent: Sorry to hear that, Patrick. Please have them reach out to an airport crewmember for immediate assistance.
Customer: Are you Becky with the good hair? Agent: It looks pretty great tonight. Becky
Customer: The PSN Store is undergoing maintenance and has been for over 12 hours Agent: PSN services are up and running, Are you getting an error message or an error code? Let us know more details?
Customer: ordered Redmi4 OrderId <number>.. not yet delivrd pathetic service from Amazon Agent: Also, please do not provide your order details as its personal info. Our Twitter page is visible to the public.
Customer: when will the platform available in latinamerica, more specifically in Argentina? Agent: Hulu is only available in the U.S. right now, but we will be sure to share the interest in offering our service in Argentina!
Customer: <number> faulty pc. the pc. returned but no refund recd. till now, got mail refund will be made in 5 days, bt not done. Agent: I am sorry for the trouble. Please fill this form and we’ll contact you at the earliest.
Customer: WTF??? Trying to book amp it just says Oops. Trying to get help amp nothing is working. HELP!!! I need to book urgently uberdrama Agent: Hi, we are here to help. Please message us the email linked to your Uber account so we can look into this for you.
Customer: It’s sorted. Thanks. iOS update needed a change and hard reboot Agent: we are glad to hear that is sorted out for you. Have a great day.
Customer: Hi! What is going on? Has Youtube lost it? What can be done about it? Thanks for the support! Agent: We want to help! message us and let us know more about the issues you are having.
Customer: Trying to but nba 2k18 with paypal but it keeps not letting me purchase. what do i do? Agent: Sorry to hear that! For billing issues, please follow the steps in the next link
Customer: why is yout rice always undercooked I feel like I’m eating plastic smfh Agent: That should not be happening. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: I am now hearing that the card was canceled by customer. 1 is this fraud 2 if not, who canceled and why Agent: Pls escalate your concern through the Customer Service number on the back of your Card.
Customer: Tell me why I have called support four times and been on hold for ages every time .. If no one answers what is the point of having a support number Agent: we are here to help. Can you please send us a message with your email address so we can look into this?
Customer: It was the last episode of season one. The final scene is incorrect. It’s from another episode. Agent: This is the version we are able to offer from the content provider, but we will be sure to share your feedback!
Customer: I️ figured it out thanks Agent: Awesome! it is our pleasure. Feel free to reach out anytime a question comes up.
Customer: My only Halloween song won’t play and I’m starting to get upset. help Agent: Hey there! Can you send us the Spotify URI? Just rightclick the track gt Share gt URI. Also, what country is your Spotify account set to? /
Customer: why? Agent: I am sorry to hear about this. Please send us a DM. we are happy to help!
Customer: Why do I even bother to pay for Prime? Ive been waiting on a package for a week that was only supposed to take two days Agent: I am sorry it has not arrived! Have we missed the date shown in your order confirmation email here
Customer: I can not get my free movie on Vudu Agent: let us make sure you GetThanked Frances! message us so we can help you get your movies. KananiB
Customer: please fix the wifi in barrington, ri. i am going insane and using all my data Agent: We are working as fast as possible to restore service in your area. We appreciate your continued patience. Mary
Customer: there should b laws on flights 4 parents who hit their toddlers in row 7 were horrible. Crew 2look away is wrong Agent: We appreciate your feedback. Our crewmembers are trained to intervene if they thought the child was in danger.
Customer: Ok thanks! I have resolved to shut off Autoplay..we really should have an option to autoplay a lineup of our shows on our Watchlist Agent: we are glad to hear that helped and we will be sure to share the interest in having this kind of feature with our dev team!
Customer: Lost my phone in Uber. Driver who assured me of giving back does not pick my calls. Uber says keep trying, we will not do much Agent: we have followed up via DM!
Customer: QMWUQD we are 2 travellers and were not even given seats we booked and paid for online Agent: gtgt seat on the same value and row. Thank you Fam
Customer: . I currently have Verizon and due for an upgrade. They will not give me a deal. Give me a good deal and I switch tomorrow. Agent: Joining the MagentaFamily would be the best treat of the night! Send us a DM, and we can make sure you are saving . TarynS
Customer: Even more PavementParking by another inconsiderate selfish driver in Colchester. Agent: Can you please let me know the time and address of where this happened? I can ensure it is addressed. TY Chris
Customer: Dressing up to get Booritos was totally worth it Agent: Right? Becky
Customer: hey I started a Amazon prime trial..i was charged 1..wats that about ? Agent: When you sign up for a Prime free trial, we send an authorization to your bank. Heres more info
Customer: wondering, what is going on when I deploy a new version of singleton webjob to production? Any docs on that? Agent: We will look into this and get an answer to you shortly.
Customer: I do not fit in my Veggie Burrito costume Halloween Agent: I still think you look great! Becky
Customer: It’s so bad the overhead air blowing at full strength doesn’t even get rid of it. Agent: This is definitely not the service we strive to provide. I will be sure to share this with our Cabin Maintenance team.
Customer: Someone from needs to contact me As Soon As Possible or I am reporting there company this is ridiculous Agent: Here to help! Connect with us through and we will be in touch.
Customer: Can I get the 35 refunded for the seat cost I never got? Agent: Please use the link to provide your confirmation .
Customer: look what I came across at the tokyo film festival. Agent: How cool, Brandon! We hope to see you on board soon.
Customer: i got a 3 burrito from and they didn’t charge me extra for guac HappyHalloween2017 Agent: it is almost a scary deal. Jen
Customer: Got our Boorito fix at like the party animals we are! Agent: Such party animals! I like your style. Becky
Customer: The exact same workflow used to function more reliably before, though… Agent: Hey there, can you tell us if you’ve doing this using our web interface, or our desktop app? Thanks!
Customer: Thanks for your reply but that is why I said Update your Software. If knows not to record on an unavailable channel, it is software. Agent: We can certainly share your feedback moving forward as we are always looking to improve the customer eerience.
Customer: . Item has not been delivered but tracking says it was handed to me over an hour ago... 2nd time this has happened. Sort it out Agent: I am so sorry you did not receive your parcel! we would like a chance to look into this with you here
Customer: I did not know my boy ordered half a bowl... WheresTheRice? Agent: That does not look right. Please tell us more Becky
Customer: Is anyone else having trouble with their Boost Mobile network or is it just me? Agent: Hi Shaunee! what is wrong with our network at your location? Would you please message us your zip code and nearest crossstreets where that occurs? we are at your service here. .
Customer: That was not my question. In the home catalogue there was vouchers for an extra £20 off. I was wondering if you could help me with the codes. Agent: There is a Furn20 code running at the moment save 20 when you spend over £200 on indoor furniture
Customer: What The F... is doing with my letter “I️” Agent: let us take a look at this together! To begin, feel free to message us what iOS version you are currently on.
Customer: Again Agent: I can help with any area wide issues. Please send us a message so I can look into this for you.
Customer: ordered a car, took longer than the suggested 6 mins, then you wanted to charge me a £5 cancellation fee. You’re having a bubble bath! Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here and our team will be able to assist!
Customer: Missed our connection in ATL to SEA due to delay. Ran to the gate amp watched the attendant shut it on us. They would not let us on. Agent: ...the doors are closed, they cannot be opened. ABN
Customer: whyyyy is the app not working Agent: We turned it off for our Boorito promotion, but it will be back on tomorrow. Becky
Customer: Hi this is an inadequate response to me telling you I had to throw away the entire £18 order. If eat in, would’ve been sent back Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can connect.
Customer: Wells Fargo did me so fucking dirty omg Agent: What happened? Please share more details about your recent service eerience no account numbers.
Customer: I checked in for my flight that’s tomorrow and I was moved seats. I was originally on the aisle. I’m hoping you can help? Agent: Hello, Maggi. I will be glad to check for you. Please message your confirmation number for privacy.
Customer: third time in a row messes up my order Agent: We can do better than that! Mind DMing us with your most recent order number and more details? we would love to help.
Customer: Carrier AMZL US, Tracking TBA516106123000 Agent: I would like someone from my team to check into this. When you can, please drop your details here
Customer: I ordered some parts of my costume late, but my amazon has a map of the driver and they are like, 6 houses away. Agent: I am sorry for the long wait what is your current order status showing when you review it
Customer: i guess i pay 200 a month for 12 hours of THIS right? Thats what im paying for? Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your concerns and I am happy to help. Can you message the full address? ~
Customer: I am sat getting emotional trying to make an Xbox work almost crying I just want to watch Fucking Harry Potter Agent: If you need help with your Xbox, we are just an away! Tweet us any time for official Xbox support
Customer: hi! Azure AD has a limit under which it’s free. What happens if an org has two directories each under limit but together over? Agent: Great question! We are looking into this and will have a response soon.
Customer: My package just got here. All good, thank you! Agent: Thank you for keeping us posted, Rachael!
Customer: kindly send me my statement for the last 6 months.selfcare is not no <number> Agent: Hi, register and request for the statement by dialing 234gtMy MPESA informationgtMPESA StatementgtFull Statementgt Cont
Customer: The 24hour helpline and Jenn are, uh, a crock. Agent: Our reservations team is ready to assist you at 800 <number> Kimball
Customer: Hey! Did things go to plan? Just checking if your W. Broadway location in Vancouver is open today... Agent: From what I see, we are good to go. Tay
Customer: Well, I’m editing in Lightroom and my photos look like shit when I eort them? Agent: Hi, we’re sorry about this can you let us know more about what’s happening? We’re here to help! Madison
Customer: cannot seem to access website....whats going on Agent: Hi! No issues we are aware of. Are you getting any errors on screen?
Customer: What time does boorito end? Agent: When our restaurant closes tonight. that is 10 p.m. almost everywhere. Becky
Customer: Unfortunately, it does not seem ready for live sports. I am buffering again tonight, too. Agent: Sorry to hear that! we are here to see how we can assist with this. Does it continue after trying
Customer: No Internet? I guess it’s time to go to bed. Agent: Good morning. If you would please message your account or phone number, I will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: Bought an Echo Show and it won’t recognize a single account in our household. WTF, guys? Agent: Oh no, I am sorry for the issues! For troubleshooting, please check out our Echo Help pages here
Customer: Update I hate myself took 3 bites and my stomach hurts Agent: that is very concerning. Please provide more details here Becky
Customer: when I check my voice mail it says that voicemail is not active how do I activate it? Agent: Is this for Fios or Wireless mobile service?
Customer: this is incredibly slow. it is been like this in the past week. Agent: Thanks for the tweet! we will refer this to our wireless colleagues since we handle Fios and DSL accounts.
Customer: I see you Agent: Hello, we saw your Twitter post. Is there anything we can do to help? sp .
Customer: they are the ones charging it. Agent: we are sorry, Corey. Some locations charge for these packets. If you do not want to pay, you can call and ask them to remove these for you.
Customer: you need to correct false charges from a trip in Lexington KY on Saturday. I want my 13 back lyingdriver theft Agent: Happy to follow up! Contact us via so we can connect.
Customer: looks forward to halloween just cause has 3 burritos Agent: Nothing wrong with that. Jen
Customer: A headset should be a simple plug in and go method right? Agent: Hi there! Mind clarifying for us the make/model of the headset that you are using?
Customer: SO DID UBEREATS Agent: we are sorry to hear this. Can you please send us a message so we can look into this?
Customer: Bruh can someone at get back to me on my Dms Agent: Here to help! Send us a note via so our team can connect.
Customer: the World Series feed is super choppy. So much for premium HD. Terrible..... Agent: Hi, I can check into this issue for you. Can you message the name and address on the account so I can look into this for you?Sean
Customer: would love to know why my pictures look like this when I take a picture Agent: We would love to help you with this! Is this the front or rear facing camera? Which device and iOS version?
Customer: 丁寧な返信をありがとうございます。削除後に再起動の指示が出て、再起動しなければ復元もできず除外設定もできない場合はどうすればよいでしょうか？ Agent: そのまま再起動していただいて大丈夫です。 ファイルを削除した履歴は残っているので、再起動後に復元できます。 「検疫」で削除履歴が見つからない場合は、 「スキャン結果」「解決したセキュリティリスク」「SONAR活動」で探してみてください。hide
Customer: my driver crashed and I hit my head happy Halloween Agent: We hope everyone is ok. Please message us your email address so we can follow up immediately.
Customer: is services available on ehco dot?? Agent: Echo lets you play music from services like Amazon Prime Music, Saavn and TuneIn.
Customer: I’ve had one saying it will be late but no reason why Agent: Sorry to hear that. we will be happy to look into that for you. Please reach out to us here
Customer: are there internet issues or maintenance going on in my area? Suddenly lost connection on all devices Agent: Hello Will. Up to date outage info can be found at
Customer: I just get a white screen and nothing loads. After a short time, it just closes/crashes. Thanks for the reply. Agent: Which model do you have and is iOS 11.1 installed on it? Any steps tried so far?
Customer: Nothing like a delay to Boston on because someone didn’t get the right paperwork done out of maintenance. Hopefully we leave soon! Agent: Oh no! My apologies for that delay. What flight number number you speaking of and I will be glad to take a look?
Customer: Mad at Sprint, daughter had her phone stolen and we are getting the rum around trying to get her a new one. Sprint frustrated Agent: This is concerning to us. Please, send us a message with more details of your issue for us to assist you further.
Customer: I am mad at all my followers for not sending out a reminder of 3 burritos today Agent: You should follow us and we would have definitely given you the reminder! Becky
Customer: LG uhd 44inch Agent: Thanks for confirming that, Vincent! we will let our team know youd like to see Live TV available on LG TVs in the future.
Customer: step you all fucking game up!!! Weak ass internet connection. I am tired of paying for this shit every month. Agent: Hello, I am happy to look into your internet services. Can you message your account name and full address?
Customer: is not a customer service co Agent: Oh! We place great emphasis on customer service.If you have any situation you need support, we are happy to check it if message us
Customer: HELP ME. I have a problem with my iPhone 7 Agent: we are happy to help. What seems to be the problem?
Customer: Thank you for listening and helping when I had an issue today. Great customer service. Agent: Happy to hear our hardworking team took such good care of you. Thank you for choosing to fly with us. Kimball
Customer: I already submitted something through the app but no one has gotten back to me. Agent: Thanks for letting us know, Radford. Go ahead and message us your Uber account email address, and we can locate your outreach and follow up!
Customer: Best 3 dollar entree I’ve had Agent: Glad to hear it. Jen
Customer: I was long gone from the airport by then Agent: An airport agent will be happy to take a look at your bag to assist with a claim but damage must be assessed in person.
Customer: hey any particular reason on why my WAN address keeps releasing and renewing Agent: I apologize for any issues Tyler. Please message us your account number or phone number so we can assist you.
Customer: Well, ruined Halloween. Paid over 40 in shipping and had a guaranteed arrival that got rescheduled at 5pm today. nohalloweencostumes Agent: let us see what is going. Please message your tracking number, address, and phone number.
Customer: Sure, how much would an upgrade cost, out of curiosity? Agent: Please can you message us your booking reference, email address and contact number? We can then look into this for you. Thanks. Jane
Customer: I did unfortunately no reply two days already Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: and redund issued on 13th no sing of my money and amazonuk just saying its in the billing department.no signof devlp Agent: When you last contacted us what information did we provide? Have you spoken with your bank to see if they have the refund?
Customer: Still having issues with the Family account...see my message Agent: Thank you for reaching out. we have received your DMs and will be following up shortly.
Customer: I JUST DROVE 35 MINUTES TO GET FOR 3 IN MY HALLOWEEN COSTUME AND THEY HAD NO GUACAMOLE Agent: I am so sorry about that. I am confident we will have it next time. Becky
Customer: More repulsive, embarrassing soggy slop in Club 8482 At least this time crew were nice amp didn’t eat the cream themselves Agent: We sorry to hear this again, Rob. we will add these comments to your previous feedback. Helen
Customer: I am trying to add a companion to my flight and I’m getting the error number <number> and it won’t let me add it. Agent: Oh no! Sorry for the trouble, Caston. Please call our Reservations Specialists at <number> for assistance.
Customer: Will we discuss this mattrr Agent: Hope your concern is address by us.Have a nice day ahead! Rgds,Mohit
Customer: After today I don’t want to fly with looks like I’m going back to Agent: We would love to have you back with us, Lina.
Customer: Why is “I️” keep changing to this and how do I️ stop it‍♀️ anybody Agent: We definitely understand your concern. Please backup your iPhone, update and let us know the result
Customer: The quality on is absolutely horrible Agent: Oh no, is this happening on all your TVs? Let us know, we want to help.
Customer: leaving something in my building is not delivering that thing to me. Honestly it’s just stupid. Agent: I am sorry about this. Were you home at the time the delivery occurred?
Customer: Chicken, rice, corn ,cheese and guacamole!!! Agent: Mmmmm nicely done! Becky
Customer: Where is the bind button on the xbox one s console??? Agent: Hi there! The bind button is located on the side of the console nest to the USB port.
Customer: Just bought Assassins Creed origins. Is it supposed to have Cyrillic characters on Xbox? Agent: Hi there! Mind sending us a direct message with your Gamertag?
Customer: Dressing up and getting a 3 burrito is the adult equivalent of trick or treating Agent: It absolutely is. Becky
Customer: I will be attending ATTBizSummit this week. Come by and see my presentation. Agent: Glad you are getting excited! Be sure and give us a sneak peek behind the curtain at the ATTBizSummit.
Customer: Thanks anyways. Just fixed it! Got it working. Agent: Glad to hear you were able to resolve this issue. Enjoy your services. ~
Customer: no im not getting any error codes, its something to do with sub accounts Agent: Hi there, Check the parental control settings before trying to upload information. More details here
Customer: Xbox one is having issue playing a movie on hbogo. Tried restarting and quitting the app Agent: Hi there! Have you tested reinstalling this app and then resetting your network?
Customer: Bruh. needs to get their stuff together. There’s nothing worse than the WiFi going out during a bingeathon Agent: Hello, I apologize for the delayed reply. Are you still having issues with your internet at this time?
Customer: Not happy with in disabling my 2 daughters uber account that was on my family account. Agent: we have received your message and a member of our team has reached out. Please review your messages for our response.
Customer: when are you adding the newest season of the real house wives of New Jersey rhonjseason8 Agent: No news at this time, but we will share the interest in adding more RHONJ w/ our content team! You can watch w/Live TV addon
Customer: just got this from my dasher...WTF? Agent: Thanks for this message. Sorry for the trouble. Please message us with your email address amp we will reach out right away!
Customer: where is the rest of my food? I cannot even fill my tacos w/sauce either cuz they ran out of all of their packets too!Im hungry Agent: Oh no. Where did you get this?
Customer: hey I have got a question about the Xbox One X Scorpio edition. Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. What seems to be the issue?
Customer: why is it impossible to Type “I” without a stupid box with a question mark. notimpressed fixit Agent: We are here for you. let us take a look at this further for you. Reach out to us in .
Customer: Dammit! just RickRolled us! I may have to cancel my subscription for that… Agent: Hey Eric! Can you let us know what is happening exactly? we will see what we can do /
Customer: Yes but i cant upload iT on privay chat on Twitter Agent: Hi, does project open up in Indesign CC CC 2017? If it does. Please try copying the contents to a new file to open in CC 2018.
Customer: por qué su señal es tan mediocre? Agent: Hey Azael, su Tweet realmente nos preocupa. Por favor envíenos un message para poder asistirle.
Customer: hi all, what’s the score with Liverpool Lime Street on Sunday, is it open or a bus ride from elsewhere. Thanks. Agent: Where is it you are travelling from?
Customer: I was forced to check my small suitcase. Never happened before. There was plenty of storage space too. Fml Agent: Please message your record locator, we would like to forward this feedback.
Customer: and I still have no service and you cannot come until Thursday afternoon. Why am I paying you?!?!?!?! Agent: Hello, will you please message me your account number so I can look into this for you? Jim
Customer: Your location in Laurel, MD at <number> Baltimore Ave. I still have the receipt Agent: Thanks so much, and I will get in touch with the team to make sure we are on the same page. I am so sorry for the trouble. Becky
Customer: you wanna actually turn on your internet towers to work or nah? Agent: Hey Tayler, having service issues? Shoot us a message for further assistance!
Customer: recharged with 498 on 24th October benefits still not received. Customer suffering from bad service of idea Agent: Apologies for the trouble. Please message us your Idea number to assist you further. Rgds, Darshan.
Customer: Anyone who needs to book a flight for our wedding DO IT NOW! Round trip only 85 with ✈️ Agent: Congrats on getting married! we are looking forward to having lots of excited wedding guests. that is a fantastic deal!
Customer: esp thanks to . SNA staff for rebooking our tickets to SjC after our flight to SFO was canceled. Thanks Agent: we have always got your back, Ali! Glad we could get you where you need to be Safe and sound.
Customer: my media folder netflixamp whatnot has been moving down my home screen list and is now nowhere to be found despite using the apps. How do I get it back? Agent: Hi there! Please let us know which console are you using.
Customer: Special place in the Bad Place reserved for for removing new season first episode of wonderful show,TheGoodPlace Agent: What the fork? Sadly, this is one of our Rolling 5 shows we will share the interest in readding them!
Customer: If could come home so I could go get that’d be cool Agent: Super cool. Home yet? Becky
Customer: Flight 254 from Maui to LAX. First class seating and service. Agent: Do you have a description of the crewmember?
Customer: Yes. Refund my plane ticket with your racist ass workers Agent: We do not tolerate discrimination of any kind. Please message your record locator and contact details phone and email.
Customer: And now “Video no longer available” on the World Series? Come on . Agent: Sorry, Mike! We kindly ask that you reboot your device and modem/router for 2 minutes. If no luck, let us know the device in use.
Customer: Windows 10 Agent: Thanks for the info. Could you please send us a message so we could go in detail with our troubleshooting?
Customer: Dear why is my letter I️ not working by itself in email or text? When I️ type the letter “I️” the attached happens. Agent: we are here to help. Which version of iOS do you have installed on your device? Youd see this in Settings gt General gt About.
Customer: USPS still does not have it. Said it departed your facility Sunday. Then said it again yesterday. Agent: Hey, get in touch with us here so we can help you out
Customer: I’m usually a fan of your , but the last few times I’ve ordered, it’s been so gross I can’t eat it. Could this be local problem? Agent: we are so sorry to hear this! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thanks!
Customer: This person has violated my personal privacy by publishing a home address. She has two accounts amp Agent: We are here to help. Please send us a message and we will get started looking into this for you.
Customer: here you go Agent: Are you still seeing this issue? Please let us know if there is anything we can do to help.
Customer: Done! Agent: We have replied to your DM. Have a nice day.
Customer: Same again! equipment change no guaranteed seats apologies I’ll message you if you can give me a real answer and no standard bs answers Agent: I would be glad to look into this for you.
Customer: Do any of my friends actually know IT and problem solving since 4 people can’t figure it the fuck out? Agent: , that is not good please message full address and primary name on the account so we can take a look. =
Customer: Yes Agent: Please send us a message and we will go from there.
Customer: 6290 E Pacific Coast Hwy Long Beach, CA <number> United States Agent: Thank you for the information, Todd. I will pass this along and I will have a specialist reach out to you. Pls message us your name and phone number. Thanks.
Customer: I see the local Papa Johns delivery guy weaving in and out of traffic, but yet it still takes my pizza a hour to get here. Agent: we are sorry your order is late! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thank you!
Customer: Hey 34 of food cost 65 to receive major surprise over quoted amt. No surprises at Agent: Can you message us so we can check this out?
Customer: That is INCORRECT information I have the form in front of me that is faxed overmaybe you need to maintain up to date information Agent: What information is incorrect?
Customer: Output We are a separate team from Enforcement, so we cannot speculate on that. Agent: we would recommend applying for a case review here
Customer: Ok thank you for your help today Agent: Juan, we indicate the requested action has been completed. I appreciate you giving us an opportunity to help. Thanks again, da
Customer: Already done! Agent: Thanks so much. Becky
Customer: hi Airasia. Just wondering why my big points are not credit in my account yet? Been waiting for a week now Agent: Hi there, we have assisted you via DM. Kindly check your inbox. ThanksSha
Customer: This is not a DM, please message me. Agent: Hello, it appears you are not following us. Once done you should be able to direct message us. Dan
Customer: when will my lyft drivers stop flirting w me/ asking me out on dates? i will never know. Agent: If your driver made you feel uncomfortable, please report the ride to our Critical Response Line at
Customer: I just wanted to say how disappointed I am at the fact your store reduced items further after the toy sale! outofpocket Agent: I am sorry about this Katie. Can you let me know what store you shop in please so I can log this for internal review? Shaun
Customer: Thanks yana.. booking number TK4YWC. Passenger name Ravishankar Parthasarathy wrongly put as Ravishankar Parthasarathi . DoB 7th July 1954 Agent: Hi There Name correction done! See you on board soon Anwar
Customer: All sorted already. Thanks. Agent: that is great Feancy, we are glad you got it sorted. Thank you for your patience and have a great day – Mariya
Customer: What The F... MAN. YALL LET SOME RANDO CHANGE MY EMAIL TO MY ACCOUNT AND NOW I CANT LOG IN. FIX IT!!!!! Agent: I am so sorry about that, Alexis. When you can, please reach us here so we can better assist
Customer: Issues with my home cable. Second time calling this week honestly the first time I’ve had a really bad eerience with FIOS Agent: Our apologies for the trouble, allow us to assist you from here. What issue are you having and does it impact all your TVs?
Customer: No, virginmedia. Tried twice with completely new mail. One didn’t save, 2nd did though. Very odd. Agent: Some accounts may create separate folders for your Drafts. If you are still having trouble, please message us here
Customer: Thank you for the 3 Halloween meals for the family. This is becoming a family tradition. Agent: We love to hear that! Happy Halloween! Jen
Customer: hey , Comcast why don’t you want our money? Agent: Hi there. what is the situation? Please message us with details. Thanks.
Customer: My contact no. for that account is <number>, first booking almost waste my 35 mins, and if I book second one Agent: Thank you for getting back to us. we are going to need more room. Please send us a message here
Customer: I need a hookup with an promo code. Help a nigga out! uberpromo fucklyft uber Agent: Here to help! Check out for more information on earning free rides.
Customer: Now I know why Customers are not happy and the Shares are going down. They have no idea what customer service is. Agent: That does not sound right. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: no luck it keeps asking for code witch is not sending to my phone can Amazon eliminate the 2 step method, this is so frustrating Agent: I am so sorry for the frustration, Luis. We should absolutely be able to help! Please contact us using the link TN provided.
Customer: How do we get notified? Agent: via email. ~Angel
Customer: The vendor account you entered is not associated with the item you are trying to open when I try to open books with new Agent: Hi Ken, did the same book open successfully in a previous version of ADE?
Customer: Kaye gerron Agent: I do apologize I am not locating an account with that phone number. Do you have a separate number?
Customer: Hiya my shopping due today between 23 it’s only just 3 now but no sign of driver at all ??? Wondering why it is taking so long Agent: Can you message the time your order arrived, the full name, address amp email address registered to your grocery account? TY Hannah.
Customer: came specifically to buy some Quran mince and was met by this in Cheetham Hill. Not impressed! Agent: Please can let me know the date/time you visited the store. TY Jayne
Customer: ShareService, OLA is awesome but UBER is worst, waist, Fu Agent: Here to help! Connect with us through and we will be in touch.
Customer: I’m a undercover boss. Thank you for the 3 . Agent: Well played, my friend. Becky
Customer: Is this not the happiest burrito you have ever seen?! Agent: This is seriously melting my heart. Becky
Customer: Spotify 8.4.24.871 Android version 7.0 device a brand new Huawei mate 9 . I will look like an ass if it is a matter of just updates Agent: Thanks. Is it happening over 3G/4G, WiFi, or both? Does logging out, fully closing the app, and restarting your device help? /
Customer: No tvinternetphone service for over 24 hours! I am disappointed in your customer service and ability to resolve this issue Agent: I see that you have recently posted about your Comcast services, message your account so I can look into this amp speak privately. ~
Customer: Is there an UberEats for candy delivery? Agent: Here to help! Contact us here so we can take a closer look.
Customer: The whole phone will just crash or freeze for over a minute. It be spazzing out too like it has a ghost in it or something. Agent: Thanks. we will help get to the bottom of this together. What version of iOS are you currently running?
Customer: has THE WORST iPad interface. Why can’t I just see the last show I watched and quickly pick through seasons and episodes?! Agent: Sorry! You can resume shows from Keep Watching on Home. To browse/pick an ep, go to the shows page and select Episodes.
Customer: I totally appreciate my cable outage during the World Series. You guys rock Agent: with your full name, address, and account number so I can look into this issue. Thanks!
Customer: We got two burritos, chips and queso. Agent: Delish! Well played. Becky
Customer: It happens when I draw small. I can enlarge the image, eand the path and then resize, but then I lose edibility… Agent: Hi Ed, sorry to hear you are having trouble here. we have looped in our Illustrator eert to help! Madison
Customer: Independence, MO. Thank you Agent: Our licensing agreements with some of your local affiliates only allow us to offer NBC ondemand, but we will share your request!
Customer: thanks for the lovely apples I just received in my home delivery! Agent: Oh no, sorry Mia. Please can you message your full name, address, email address and order number? Ceri
Customer: can I drop RT from my cable package Agent: Our customer service reps at <number>​ should be able to assist with that
Customer: cada vez funciona peor su pagina ,los juegos que adquiri no me deja comentarlos ni puntuarlos,el soporte en linea no funciona.. Agent: Hi there! we are actually an English speaking support channel. To continue in your native language you can here 1
Customer: I bought Dying Light from the xbox store and when I play it, it continuously freezes. I want my money back unless we can fix Agent: we would be happy to help, but we could use more info. Could you follow amp message with your Gamertag amp some details?
Customer: Today 1st November. Or I would not have ordered. I needed them to arrive at mums today so she can bring to me urgently in hospital tonight. Agent: I can understand your frustration. Please reach out to us here to go over available options
Customer: Going to eecting a 3 boorito w/o wearing a costume is like going trick or treating w/o a costume amp eecting candy. no Agent: So true. Becky
Customer: No drink service on either flight today due to turbulance. Can I get a rain check? Agent: Oh no! Safety does take priority, but we hope to welcome you onboard to share complementary drinks on our next holiday.
Customer: You increased the price of two nearempty flights while I was paying. Seriously? Is this even legal? Platinum status means nada Agent: Prices can change very quickly. they are based on availability.
Customer: I have been trying to update to the newest iOS for some time. It never fully processes. Verification does not go through. Help. Agent: we are here to help. After backing up your device, let us try updating your device through iTunes
Customer: Thanks. Will get with you asap. Agent: you are very welcome.
Customer: Dear Amazon GlobalStore. 50 days, No delivery, No response. Agent: get back to you on this.
Customer: I am for halloween this year. Omw to to top off the costume. Will post pics later Agent: we will be ready and waiting. Send the pics, for sure! Becky
Customer: Can you all put little nicky on hulu please. Agent: Great suggestion! we will be sure to share the interest in adding Little Nicky to our library with our content team!
Customer: I’ve had Slack, iMessage, Adobe, and Dropbox all just stop working in the last hour. If you need me don’t. Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: Maybe NYC needs to look up its own account amp restart its own equipment. Agent: Thank you for replying! I would be happy to help. When you can plz message your phone number and address to chat?
Customer: I am a amazon prime user, I don’t see great offers nor I see any difference between prime and non prime, what’s the point then ? Agent: know more prime benefits here
Customer: I have! I’m able to play the playlist on my computer but it won’t sync to my phone and this comes up when I go into the playlist on my phone Agent: Hmm. Can you message us your accounts email address? we will see what we can suggest /
Customer: so i wait almost 3 hours and then they are rude and arrogant amp unhelpful after which she is raising a technical case Agent: If you are unhappy with your eerience on this call please contact us on our website
Customer: billing people for courtesy that was given from you is stealing. You are thieves!! Agent: This message indicates we were giving people more time to pay the bill, and we appreciate your time in DM! ErikaHoleman
Customer: Schnippig ist sie auch noch? Wird ja immer interessanter Agent: Nein, TG ist schnippig. Alexa ist lieb und nett. Sie ist sehr gut! Und ich geh jetzt mal lieber in Deckung!
Customer: Always love getting my on Halloween, but got charged extra for Guac! Help? Agent: That should not have happened. Where did you visit? Jen
Customer: Hey What’s the point of preordering a game if I don’t get it until 5 days after release? Agent: I am sorry for the frustration! Did you select ReleaseDate Delivery at checkout?
Customer: find someone who looks at you the way looks at . Agent: I can only assume it is quite the look. Jen
Customer: your online forum is always broken even when I clear my cookies. Agent: Hi Lauren, can you try changing your forum screen name at That should do the trick! Madison
Customer: I have had the router replaced, I have made numerous calls and I am tired to paying for something I am barely able to use! Agent: We understand the frustration. Your internet light is amber right now correct?
Customer: I cannot find the edit filename option on either the cloud, mobile or MAC based version of the new LR CC it was easy on Classic Agent: Hi there, this feature is not available as of now, please suggest a feature request at . Tanuj
Customer: issues with service in Chicago? Agent: Hi, Brynne! I can help with the XFINITY service concern. Please message your full name, address, and phone number.
Customer: Eating a whole bowl, victory or loss?! Conflicted on this. Agent: Victory. Always a victory. Jen
Customer: You have to log in. I do not remember the email address I used. Can you look up the account by my bank information? Agent: It would be best if you get in touch with us by phone or chat.use this link to do so
Customer: Sorry deleting account this is super ridiculous. doordash Agent: Hi Dnamag, Please message us your information and we will be in contact right away. Thanks DoorDash
Customer: name a better halloween duo speedwaybrick UTtranscript Agent: I love it! Thanks so much for stopping by. Becky
Customer: Just randomly boots me offline there it goes again Agent: Did the lights change on the router when this happened?
Customer: I bought 2 iPhones X on Friday, but I don’t see any charge on my credit card. Do I should worry or it’s normal? Agent: Thanks for reaching out to us. Please send us a message with your country, and we will look into this.
Customer: nope still down. Agent: Have you tried signing out/back in or reinstalling the CC desktop app? Let us know! Madison
Customer: why is my battery life short? I updated to 11.1, my battery is poor. Wife didn’t she likes her battery life Agent: Let’s work together on this situation. To clarify, did this start after updating to iOS 11.1? Also, which device are you using?
Customer: Just got smoked by an outage half way through my stream for the night. feelsbadman Agent: let us investigate this further. What lights do you have on the router?
Customer: Done Dm. Thank you Agent: Hi Amran, we has respond you via DM, see you there! Anwar
Customer: . you all need to staff your new Chicago location right. 1 hour and waiting. Ordered 248 am, now 350 am. No food Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: using a MacBook Pro with OS X El Capitan and the latest Spotify update, and an iPhone 6S with the latest software/Spotify updates! Agent: Got it! Could you try streaming one of our 15 Stranger Things playlists, then switch to the Now Playing screen? /
Customer: Only witches melt though...what are you saying?? Agent: Glinda was a good witch...
Customer: Oh my god i’m so embarrassing why do I always send voice recordings in iMessage by accident do you know how embarrassing that is?! Agent: Are you accidentally recording audio message or is this happening on its own? Let us know in a DM, we’ll communicate there
Customer: When you dress up and drive an hour away to get a 3 burrito from chipotle love truelove Agent: What a solid costume idea! Thanks for making the trek. Becky
Customer: yes spoke w/ customer service, still canceling my prime though since it does literally nothing apparently Agent: we would like to take a closer look. When you can, please provide us some more information here
Customer: Laughing Out Loud Agent: we are pretty clever. Jen
Customer: I ran latest update on my MacBook pro and in that apps attached to my creative cloud account also updated. Loosing Photoshop subscription. Agent: If you have a CC subscription you may install Photoshop CC from Creative Cloud desktop app. Tanuj
Customer: Halloween at work! halloween Halloween2017 Kimpton Cardinal Hotel Agent: Looks frightful yet delightful, André. You guys did an amazing job!
Customer: “If I don’t provide the required information by 15 Feb 1970” Agent: Hello! Thank you for reaching out to us. Send us a message for further assistance.
Customer: My chase sapphire preferred card has arrived people Agent: Hi, we saw your tweet, and we just want to thank you for choosing Chase! If you ever need our help, feel free to reach out.
Customer: great delivery but a slight hiccup i ordered fried zucchini but I got ravioli instead Agent: Oh no, so sorry! Shoot us a message so we can help!
Customer: 11.0.3 Agent: we would like to suggest updating to iOS 11.1, which came out today, and see if the same issues continue
Customer: The complimentary meal cards came in the mail today Agent: we are happy to hear that, Julia. Thank you for your update!
Customer: Your app seems to be down Agent: We turned off online ordering tonight for our Boorito promo. My apologies for any frustration. Becky
Customer: .. I have a question but do not want to ask on Twitter. Too long holding on phone. Do you have customer service dm? Thx. Agent: Hi Lisa. Pls follow amp I will send you some information via DM. Thanks.
Customer: Amazonの使い方が難しく感じます わけわかめ ちゃんと頼めてんのかね Agent: おはようございます。Amazonです。 ご注文確定済の場合には、注文履歴にて確認できますので、下記URLにてご確認ください。 なお、ご不明な点がありましたら、ご遠慮なくお知らせください.
Customer: In light of terror attack in NYC Lyft is charging 133 to go from Manhattan to Brooklyn. Capitalism—fuck yeah. Agent: Hey there, can you please message us the phone number associated with your account so we can look into this for you?
Customer: Home. Fios tv Agent: Oh no! How may we assist?
Customer: my wife and I hate the new interface. Enjoy the content but getting their is a horrible eerience Agent: Oh no! Any aspect about navigation that you find difficult? For now, the following guide may help
Customer: Damn. Really going downhill. Beef amp Cheddar, or Burned to a crisp?! ☹️ Agent: We apologize, Jessica. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: Normal. Son dos solar outdoor led lights. Agent: Please send your tracking via message so we can look into any issues for you.
Customer: not sure why the app has been slow to load and glitching music for the past couple months. Samsung galaxy s5 Agent: Hey there! Can you let us know what Android and Spotify versions you are running? we will see what we can suggest /
Customer: Hi Yana I don’t have any DMs from you. Did you mean email? Agent: Hi Emma, Could you please follow us so we can message you again with the email reply sent to you Yana
Customer: Thank you call me tomorrow afternoon 300 pm <number> Agent: Thank you for the info. We will follow up with you. nw
Customer: Thank you I updated my phone and now it is even slower and barely works. Thank you for ruining my phone. Agent: we would like to help, but we will need more details. what is happening on your device and which model is it? Do you have iOS 11.1?
Customer: Cancelación de membresía Amazon Prime y reembolso ya! Agent: Hola MaryGuerra. Para cancelar Amazon Prime por favor accesa este link para instrucciones
Customer: Great, I also have a question regarding baggage allowance. Could I leave a DM? Agent: Sure, Jun. Please message with your questions or concerns.
Customer: I’m hitting an infinite loop. Just tried 3x to dispute a cancellation charge. Fails in the app mobile browser logged in amp out. Agent: Can you message us the phone number associated with your account so we can look into it?
Customer: this man is sleeping with my wife help Agent: that is unfortunate. How would we be able to help? Jen
Customer: Sometimes I can’t tell if my app is messing up or if my driver likes to make me wait longer by doing donuts on the way to get me Agent: Here to help! Please reach out to and fill out the 4 boxes at the bottom so we can get in touch.
Customer: Hmmm B747 spotted during World Series ad. tbt wow Agent: she is a beauty! that is a major throwback.
Customer: Ugh! is there a reason you disabled my ability to respond to a complaint you guys asked me to resend information to? Agent: we have been in touch via DM!
Customer: . . No one has emailed me as promised. Worst eerience then customer service is terrible. doordash Agent: The email address you have provided is not the one associated to the doordash account. Please message us with your email address
Customer: EP on who continues to not be able to do work. Great is what you want to be? Sorry, missed by a long shot. Agent: we will make sure to let our team know about this. Our friends can also take a look.
Customer: Any timeline for fixing streaming issues? Agent: Hello, Mary! we would love to see how we can help, ASAP. What device are you using? Notice any errors? Try
Customer: Hecho el procedimiento, lo que me interesa y exijo es que sea devuelto mi dinero puesto que jamás he adquirido algún articulo por este medio Agent: Mary, si no te has beneficiado de las ventajas de Prime, recibirás el reembolso. Recibirás un email con más detalles.
Customer: Love my tee shirt Walmart 2014 Agent: Fab shirt! dontweall Danny
Customer: Thanks. I’m on an international flight so I’ve got time. Agent: Sure thing. So you would like to go ahead and be added to the upgrade waitlist?
Customer: Yes. Once from the original date Agent: What is the current delivery date? Has this passed?
Customer: Thank you! Agent: My pleasure. Is there anything else I can help you with?
Customer: I’m having the same issue!!! Just started today! Agent: Lets help get this sorted. Please message us the version of iOS you are using and we can go from there.
Customer: Thanks for putting us all on 2 broken planes. stranded Agent: we are very sorry for this eerience. If we can help with an update, then please share your flight number.
Customer: azhelp Is it possible to send Console.WriteLineSome Text to Azure App Insights by making changes in app.config Agent: Are you still seeing this issue? Let us know. we are here to help.
Customer: why have you discontinued your tinned ravioli in bolognese sauce. It was better than any other!! Agent: Hi Wendss, sorry to hear this! Please message me which store you use and I will look into this Kirsty
Customer: Amazonでケーブル買って今日届くはずなのにまだ届かないんだが Agent: ご迷惑をおかけしております。状況をお調べした上でご案内させていただきますので、恐れ入りますが、ご注文商品がAmazonが発送する商品の場合は、こちらのリンクよりカスタマーサービスにお問い合わせください。
Customer: I am learning German, so I do not really mind between German/English. If I have to choose, I say German. Agent: Du kannst bei den Kategorien Bücher oder Bücher Fremdsprachig auswählen, wobei ersteres deinem Wunsch entspricht. Gruß
Customer: your latest iOS update had made my phone slower and apps like iMessage are slow to open and load. What’s up with this? Agent: Hi. We are here to help. What is the specific iOS version that you have?
Customer: Want’s the point of Uber VIP when 4 of my friends that aren’t VIP’s all got 50 deals ? Agent: Happy to help! Please reach out to and fill out the 4 boxes at the bottom so we can get in touch.
Customer: look at the time difference Agent: If you have any additional questions or concerns please do not hesitate to reach out!
Customer: Dear I’m returning my iPhone 8 bc its a POS. Screen wont auto lock, battery drains, horrible cell signal. Its crap. Happy Agent: we would be happy to look into this with you. Please message us.
Customer: What uses 2 send checkbooks? Mules? Service dogs? 15 workdays later and nothing. Fee? Checked! Fee 4 spare 1s? Checked Agent: I’d like to take a closer look at this for you. Could you please message your name amp zip code?
Customer: fuck, im 152 dollars in the red thanks to comcast. Agent: I would love to help. I have yet to receive the message with your info,. Has this been missed again?
Customer: Why does record programs on my DVR from channels I do not subscribe to? Blank recordings. I do not have NBA LP! UpgradeYourSoftware! Agent: Hello, have you checked your scheduled menu? You may have a series recording scheduled. Matt
Customer: azTechHelp Agent: Hi, could you please provide us with more information on your issue?
Customer: Found it!! But does not seem to work, can you check if funds are available? Agent: You can check out what is available here
Customer: TV and internet completely off while trying to watch World Series! Will be restored by at 234am? Is that a joke? Agent: Please message us the phone number and address on the account if you are still eeriencing issues.
Customer: No. Your policy is determined by what is the minimum you can get away with I booked the wrong dates by accident... in an emergency. Fair? Agent: do offer more flexible tickets. Could you contact your travel insurance to see if they could help?
Customer: The code is not working when applied at checkout. Can you please look into this? Agent: We want this to work perfectly! Do you have at least 10 photos selected? If not, add another and try. message w/ any questions! ChrisBradstreet
Customer: Shameless IdeaDontCare Agent: to improve the coverage for your provided location. Rgds, Darshan.
Customer: That’s definitely the plan! Thanks for the great flight, as always. Agent: we are very glad to hear it, Andy! Although we know it is always nice to be away, there is something even nicer about coming home.
Customer: Amazon its a complete fraud now You are saying You will ship till 7th please for god sake help cancelorder refund fraud poorcustomerservice Agent: Could you please let us know if you had received any email stating the package was going to be shipped by 7th ?
Customer: Hi!! It’s this one in ages 36 and 69 xx Agent: Hi Sian, can you confirm the store that you normally visit so I can take a look? Kind regards Rhys
Customer: . what do you call this????????? this is not a crumpet we r normally big fans!! Agent: Your full name, address, barcode, price paid, date code, store visited and clear copy of your receipt?
Customer: why was not earlier flight offered when I tried to rebook, not cool at all. Just happened to look at moniter after deplaning. Agent: I am sorry. The earlier flight may not have been available at the time of your scheduled change.
Customer: how do I take this survey?? Survey code missing. The time is off too... Purchased this minutes ago! Wanna give the store feedback. Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: Boorito is my favorite part about Halloween Agent: We feel the same. Becky
Customer: Hi, i preordered ww2 on Saturday and i was told i was going to get 1,100 cod points yet i didnt, do i have to wait till friday? Agent: Good afternoon, you will receive the COD points in WW2 when COD points are made available.
Customer: Heading home from Thanksgiving vacation down in Tampa Florida with friends! Had a great time, flew as always! Back to Seattle to the rain! MVP iflyalaska Agent: Welcome back to Seattle! could not get the sun to come with you? Tara
Customer: my name is charles martin, 3238 w. columbine dr, phx,<number>. my bill has almost doubled from last month, Why, no help by calling Agent: , You have posted your address publicly please delete the post and resend in a DM. =
Customer: I’m not offended, I’m disappointed. Burnsville store. Agent: We never want to disappoint you, and comments like yours offer valuable input for future planning of merchandise to carry in our stores. Thanks for providing which store visited. Thanks!
Customer: I wanna redeem my free movie on my roku so I can watch in TV not phone???? Help! Agent: Sweet! Looks like a movie night that I can save! message me here and I got your back! ChasityScanlanSevao
Customer: Best part of today are these 3 burritos☠️ Agent: Truth. what is your goto order? Becky
Customer: . has pathetic customer service all around. Shame on me for still banking with a morally corrupt business. But still, they suck Agent: Why do you feel this way, Ihsan? I want to know more about your eeriences no acct and see how I can improve them.
Customer: Snagged a 3 burrito from thanks to my sweet costume Agent: Slidin into home with a tasty bowl. Jen
Customer: PLEASE train your people in Jonesboro AR better. Being VERY rude to me for a problem I DID NOT cause is unacceptable. Agent: We want to talk. message us.
Customer: Why does have to throttle me when I try to livestream? I absolutely hate it and it runs just fine when I am NOT streaming. Agent: Can you please message us your account info so we can help with any connectivity issues?
Customer: USAs Amazon. Com Agent: Please reach out to us directly here we would love to help get you logged in!
Customer: dell 2350 error 931.01, how can i resolve it, i am in Afghanistan Agent: earlier for us to assist you at the earliest. VS
Customer: This is out of date. The site is no longer online. Found this but I am not recieving anything Agent: we are so sorry about that! Please message us your email address so we can further assist.
Customer: Thank you Kimbers. Managed to just make it onto my flight in the end Agent: that is good to hear, Louisa. Hope you had a good flight. Lindy
Customer: Hey when will I hear back about my package that wasn’t actually delivered to my address? Agent: Hey I am sorry you have not received your package. Can you please message me your tracking number?
Customer: page is not working... Agent: Sorry to hear the trouble, Prashant! let us get this sorted out via and a member of our team will be in contact.
Customer: Solicitud foto del estado de cuenta Agent: Puedes también comunicarte a través del siguiente enlace de contacto para que se revise tu caso
Customer: mobileCare Internet drops periodically for a couple minutes at a time. App says internet is fine. How can i fix this? Agent: Hi, I am sorry to hear about the internet issues. Can you please message me your address or phone number so I can help?
Customer: Annnnnnd releases the best update yet!!!!! 70 new emojis!?! Fuck yes. But fix my iMessage first. Kthanks. Agent: we are glad you are excited about the emojis! Let us help with iMessage. what is going on?
Customer: Starting to wonder about ... getting my speed again... Agent: let us get you up to speed! Are you getting the speed issue on wired or wireless connections?
Customer: how long is too long in a drive through? 10minutes?!? 102nd and Halsey in Agent: We apologize, Steven. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: Well it says arriving today but honestly I know that’s fake as looked last four days and it’s still the same then Agent: I understand your concern. At your earliest convenience, we would like to look into this with you
Customer: help! Delivery originally said today now changed to Friday. Help me get it today Agent: I am sorry to hear of the delay! We can take a look into what happened, please message your tracking number, delivery address and phone number.
Customer: I do not like the the new livery Agent: we are sorry you feel that way. We appreciate your feedback.
Customer: Works. Blame IOS update. Agent: Glad to hear everythings working okay now. If there is anything else we can help you with, just give us a... /
Customer: i left a message, can someone PLEASE contact me now? i lost my train ticket home and my passport Agent: Thanks for your patience! Requests are responded to in the order they are received. we will follow up with you soon to help with this.
Customer: The link you sent me this page opens and in its settings I cannot find where to change country to India. Agent: Please connect with our support team here for further assistance on it.
Customer: this hot new girls group should be the face of no boundaries! They look cute in the shirts we found at Walmart for their music video release!!!! modelsearch micros musicvideo Agent: You girls rock! Stars in the making. ⭐Sabi
Customer: Up and down like a whores underwear Agent: If you do change your mind. And would like a tech, Please message us.
Customer: Hello what’s happening to my screen Agent: we would love to take a look into this concern. Is the screen stuck this way have you restarted it? Send us a .
Customer: Preston sorry. Agent: Yes thatll be open
Customer: iPhone 6, yes ios11. Checked for updates, none available. I’ve swiped up to close the app several times and I’ve restarted it 2x Agent: To make sure, is iOS 11.1 showing here Settings gt General gt About gt Version? Please message us the answer here
Customer: Yo Papa you are seriously charging 0.25 per packet of crushed red pepper and parm cheese? Refund my money. Agent: we are sorry the store charges for this! Did you call your local store about refunding your order?
Customer: Delayed on muni yet again giving up on transit amp time to perm switch to for commuting OnlyOnMuni NJudah Agent: Hey there. Can you please send us a message with the phone number associated with your account?
Customer: I just wanted you to know your internet is trash. 322 in the morning and it is slow as f Agent: Sorry to hear that you are having trouble with your services. Can you please follow/DM your account number as well as the full service address.
Customer: uber how funny when Uber Ask you to add even 10/ incase of low balance, and then deduct 50/ for their driver cancelling the ride. Agent: Here to help! Connect with us through and we will be in touch.
Customer: new delta biz plat card canceled with no elanation after 1 week of use. Never happens with chase, ever. Agent: Hi Brian. For immediate assistance, pls contact us at the Customer Service number on the back of your Card. Thank you.
Customer: 3 for a steak bowl!?!? Let’s take our relationship to the next level love Agent: it is already at the next level. Becky
Customer: it is okay now, the email just took an eternity to arrive. Thanks anyway ! Agent: Glad to know. Feel free to contact us if you have further concerns.
Customer: i do not get this! You send me promo codes every week, but you do not want me to use them.. UberBeyondLogic Agent: we are here to help, Kush! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: Halloween with Part 1 Agent: there is a pumpkin on the wing... there is something they are not telling us!!
Customer: my PHONE app doesn’t work. Thank you for updating my iPhone to an ipod Agent: We want you to be able to make calls on the iPhone. What exactly is going on with the Phone app?
Customer: sa fait 1h j’ai ios11.1 et mon tel redemarre seul, elication ????? Agent: We offer support via Twitter in English. Contact us for help in your preferred language here
Customer: I made two bookings, but only received a confirmation email for one of the flights. Little help? Agent: Hi David, confirmation emails can take up to 24 hrs. Have you been waiting longer than this? Helen
Customer: やばー！ Amazonプライム自動更新されてしまった Agent: Amazonプライムが不要な場合には、アカウントサービスから解除していただけます。更新後特典利用が無ければ、返金を承る事も可能です。詳しくはこちらのヘルプページをご覧ください。
Customer: Hi Yana, followed! Agent: Hi Emma, We have replied to you via DM. please check again, Thank you Mariya
Customer: i made a booking yesterday and still not received confirmation email or itinerary. the money has been deducted from bank acc Agent: we have replied you via DM.ThanksEmir
Customer: Reason 1,000,000 why you’re the worst Agent: I am truly sorry for the troubles and inconvenience. Please message your account details and I will look into this for you. ~
Customer: what are the under seat dimensions? Agent: Pls follow/DM your confirmation or ticket number to take a look.
Customer: The delivery company is saying they delivered it to my street will not give address the seller is saying she has proof but no one will show me Agent: Hey James Could you send us a message with all the information so we can look into that for you?
Customer: Where are they located on train ? Agent: They should be making their way through during the journey. You can also find the Train Manager in Coach C
Customer: FYI, Folders no longer show Folder Names after update unless folder highlighted. Agent: Thanks for reaching out. For help with AppleTV reach out to our eerts here
Customer: Cable amp internet out all day.Called CS 4 xs.No did not come today as told.Frustrated . Agent: Sorry our tech never came. I can check the account if you could message your address or acct
Customer: Could I just message you my ticket? Lol. Agent: You can message your ticket number, record locator or full name and origin city.
Customer: why can’t I get any service in my damn house Agent: It might be a number of things, please message so we can take a closer look. JohnWard
Customer: The reliability of 2 Day Prime is hitting an all time low. Not sure what is going on over there. Agent: I am sorry for any trouble, Chris! we are here to help. Are you having trouble with a specific order?
Customer: ever since i updated premiere pro, it is gona to shit Agent: Sorry to hear that! Anything we can do to help? Let us know we are happy to assist. Madison
Customer: Do I have to fly a certain amount of flights on BA planes to obtain a status in Executive Club or could it also be on AA? Agent: Hi Toby, attaining Tier Points will move you through the tiers of the Club. You do collect Tier Points on AA. Helen
Customer: soooo just brought me poke with none of the sauces that I ordered Agent: Hey Callie! Can you message us the email on your account so we can investigate this?
Customer: Thanks Verizon it isn’t FiOS, it’s the FXNow app. There is no sound on the live TV after trying 30 minutes. Agent: Understood, thank you for letting us know. If you ever d need support we will be here for you 24x7.
Customer: Gah. on the appletv is super buggy. Not only is it difficult for kids to use, it doesn’t correctly track where we left off ☹️ Agent: Yikes! Which shows have you noticed this with? If you try uninstalling/reinstalling our app , any change?
Customer: clutch af for the 3 bowl Agent: Takes a bow Jen
Customer: So, since updating the latest iOS, Pages no longer lets me open any docs, all show, just don’t open. Suggestions? Anyone? Agent: Can you confirm what version of iOS you updated to? Also, have you tried restarting your device?
Customer: Nah. Just answer my question please. Agent: From the Kindle app, go to More, tap on Settings, tap on Push notifications to enable or disable the notifications.
Customer: I changed my cellphone number and now can not log in on my app and it won’t let me change it online! Help!!!! Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at our team can connect.
Customer: why every damn day. I pay 225 a month and y’all messing up. CmonMan Agent: Hello. I would like to help with your service issue. Please send a message with your full name, address and phone number.
Customer: Yall respond on here faster then you all do via app. I now have charges equaling up to 286 for rides I did not take. Ywould I uber to Macon? Agent: Here to further assist you! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: a feast for glo collecting tat funds as if I do not know wat to do wit money please delete all unnecessary things I didnt subscribe Agent: Good evening Solomon. May we have your cellphone number to run a check on your line?
Customer: I am trying to correct a name on my BA booking, can this be done over phone? Frederick on passport but Freddy on booking Agent: Hi Freddy, yes we will need to correct your name via the phone. This cannot be done online. Helen
Customer: thank you for your help! Agent: you are welcome, anytime!
Customer: no but would it have made a difference if I gave my sister the money and she paid instead? Agent: it is one meal per person in costume. My apologies for any frustration. Becky
Customer: poker central app isnt working for me. Believe its shut down. Why is still in app store ? Agent: Hi there! Mind sending us a direct message with your Gamertag so we can further assist?
Customer: iOS app doesn’t seem to be working? Keep getting error code and can’t view upcoming reservations. Agent: I am sorry to hear that, J. Have you had any luck logging in via computer or your mobile browser?
Customer: I’m sick of fuckin Uber they still have yet to credit my account like the fuck they said and this ain’t the first time Agent: We apologize for the trouble! Send us a message with your email address with additional details and we will connect.
Customer: I submitted an online request and eect a cancellation credit to my account as I would of had to pay. Thank you! Agent: Here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can assist.
Customer: Thanks for all the pop too. This arbys trip sucked. Agent: We apologize. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: Couldn’t find anyone. Very annoyed by their antics. Agent: Sorry to hear that, the Train Manager should be making their way through
Customer: Oh, so earlier you actually meant to say that the same email CANT be used. Gotcha Agent: No, my earlier message was correct. Several families have the same address associated with multiple accounts.
Customer: Poor Agent: I do apologize for the troubles and loss of services. Please message your full address and I will look into this for you. ~
Customer: when I workd4 You ampsome1 came as Steve Ells we always gave em 3 boorito. Greenville SC store has 0 fun kid was Wonder Woman 2 Agent: That does not sound good. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: I love you Agent: And we love you right back! Becky
Customer: 2 years in a row I want to order Chipotle online and it’s Halloween and they turn their ordering off Agent: I am so sorry for any frustration. You can come on in, though – we would love to see you. Becky
Customer: my brother cannot install Forza 7 on his Xbox one, he is already tried a power cycle, what can he do please? Agent: Hello! Most of the time connecting via ethernet can help, or restarting the console, router, and download.
Customer: Kindly restore my number, my account has had a balance greater than Rs20/ <number> as per your message of 61017see complaint Agent: we are awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. Pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. Rgds, Idea Care
Customer: Failed multiple times to submit my order for tomorrow both via website and app. V frustrating after a long night trick or treating Agent: Sorry Cindy, we are not aware of any issues with the website. Did you manage to place it after this? Ceri
Customer: does Hulu live not get NBC or something? I’m just trying to watch Agent: We do our best to offer it live where possible. Is it listed when you visit and enter the billing zip?
Customer: It’s the little things. Thanks, Agent: you are welcome. Pets are also part of the Chase family.
Customer: Trying to book a flight online with and their website is down AGAIN. I can’t even check into my flight. What a pain. Agent: Sorry for the trouble. Please call our Reservations Specialists at <number> for booking assistance.
Customer: Another reason to love flying HappyHallowen Agent: As long as you do not start melting, you should be good to go! Tell the Wizard we said hi.
Customer: Can’t share any photos from iCloud with iOS 11.1 Agent: we would like to help. let us take this to message and we will elore ways to provide you assistance.
Customer: 4 canceled deliveries in a row, . Your ability to continuously suck is a model for the industry of how not to operate. Agent: Hello! Can you message your account email address?
Customer: いえいえ、Amazonさんこそとばっちりの迷惑かけられてお疲れ様ですmm 詐欺軍団はあの手この手で迷惑極まりないですねヽ`Д´ﾉﾌﾟﾝﾌﾟﾝ Agent: あたたかいお言葉、ありがとうございますﾉωﾉ 色々な種類のフィッシングなどがあるようなので、ご注意いただき、何かご不明な点があれば、ご遠慮なくお声がけください！ 今後も、Amazonをよろしくお願いしますo。。oペコッ
Customer: At this rate, my food will be cold when it arrive! And I ordered noodles with soup. URGH! Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here so we can further assist.
Customer: Your customer support is awful. I’ve been waiting over two hours for my food. Agent: Thanks for this message. Sorry for the trouble. Please message us with your email address amp we will reach out right away!
Customer: are you kidding me? a 33minute call to the executive club cost me over £17? that is a joke. i want my money back. Agent: Hi, Stephanie. Youd need to take this issue up with your phone provider. Julie
Customer: So upset with ubereats! No one will get back to ME!! Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: what ia this? Why was I emailed this? Def not my name nor did I purchase plane tix Agent: It looks like another Customer mistyped the email address, which is why you received it. We apologize for any confusion.
Customer: Thanks, app and airport boards should be updated though I assume? Agent: Correct. Enjoy your dinner, and we will work on having you out soon!
Customer: Ahh gotcha can you assist? Agent: Hey Tristan, to choose seats you will want to head over to and manage your reservation. Sean
Customer: Today I saw a grown ass man paint on a mustache and walk in to and ask “y’all still doing the burrito costume thing?” Agent: I mean, we will still take it. Becky
Customer: Hello , why do I get charged for cancelling my order while ive waited for too long for your driver to arrive?!!!! Agent: Here to help! Send us a note via so our team can connect.
Customer: When your driver accuses you of stealing his “hustle” money from his cup holder but then finds it under his seat and was rude and disrespectful amp denies you a refund... Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: When is going to be up? I hope that what I read about it going to Hulu was true Agent: Sorry to disappoint! We do not have the rights to stream Last Man Standing, but you bet we will share your interest.
Customer: Have sent the prouduct back .. and after a month ur complaining that the product sent is wrong .. Agent: I am sorry, we never intended this. Please reply to the email here and we will get back to you.
Customer: Halloween goldenretriever dogs puppy 6 month old service dog Halloween Agent: Happy Halloween to this very, very good puppy! I would be lion if I said he did not have my heart!
Customer: Im full. Thank you Agent: we have got you, fam. Becky
Customer: . someone is trying to hack my account. I have been sent 11 verification codes that I did not request. Can you please help? Agent: Happy to take a closer look. Connect with us through and we will be in touch.
Customer: I would like to speak to a technician hpsa hpprnt Agent: Fill the web form using this link to reach them Thanks! Anoop
Customer: My Uber driver ran two ref lights and is listening to talk radio Agent: We take this very seriously. Please send us a direct message with your email address so we can connect ASAP.
Customer: amp ARE COMPLETE LIERS! They force you to keep the service and won’t disconnect! BlackTwitter America smartphones Agent: Thank you for taking my call. I do hope that the transfer to the other department was successful.
Customer: did not work. Tried it on another computer, fresh install, same thing... Agent: Would you please message the Adobe Product amp your purchase details that you have so that we can ask our eerts to follow up. Raj
Customer: 12 year as EP with AA. Since they won’t address my concerns who’s interested in my loyalty? Agent: Please send the requested info via DM. We need your contact info phone and email.
Customer: why do i keep getting kicked for inactivity when im actually playing Agent: Hi there! Please reach out to me at this link for assistance. Thank you.
Customer: Interacted with one of the rudest flight attendants on flight 1305 from ORD to SLC. Be patient, she is only 4. flydeltainstead Agent: Oh my, we would like to have more details about what happened. We always eect our team to treat our customers courteously and friendly.
Customer: Another quality job by in Byram MS. firethemall Agent: Thanks for letting us know. we are on it.
Customer: awful customer service, why bother trying to contact the head office? Agent: Hi, Jenny! Kindly send us details regarding your concern so our team can assist.
Customer: Done. Thanks Agent: If you send us on the URL details, we will get this to the relevant department to respond to you.
Customer: I am based in Hyderabad, India. Trying to access our corporate subscription. Just stepped out, do not have the subscription id handy Agent: If you would like to get back in touch when you are available, feel free to contact us.
Customer: How long will service be out in Maine? Is it true your technicians are on strike? How many homes are without service? Agent: Hello, we are aware of the service interruption and working to resolve it as soon as possible.
Customer: I have sent several private messages!!! and no one responds! Agent: Do you have a good contact number where you can be reached?
Customer: so i cant open iT in 2017 Agent: Let me loop in the eert. It is after hour for the eert, they will respond As Soon As Possible back in office again, please excuse the delay.Raj
Customer: would not be cool that as an adult we tricked amp treated at restaurants for free food. I would hit up fast. Agent: we are doing 3 meals if you are in costume. No tricks needed – only treats. Becky
Customer: It’s been a few days since made me update my phone’s operating system. Now constantly glitching, hmm I’m shocked! Agent: Hi there! iOS 11.1 was released earlier today containing some bug fixes. let us back up and update
Customer: get your act together on your coverage. It’s pretty ridiculous that I have to be on WiFi to do anything on my phone Agent: we would like the opportunity to assist with this. Please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you.
Customer: Unable to what they promised not gave one plus 5 offer only sale product after they Dont care also not return back,Its hopless Agent: Sorry for the inconvenience. Please share your details here and I will get in touch with you.
Customer: kindly assist to reverse trans no LK18Y95S Confirmed. Ksh309.00 sent to GABRIEL NDUNGU <number> Agent: We could not reverse since the wrong recipient has already utilized all the funds.Make use of Hakikisha to reduce errors.
Customer: 3 dollar burritos is clutch Agent: Straight – thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: I have and you said you would look into it six weeks ago. You guys did nothing. So my bank filed fraud charges after looking at all my messages info and refunded my money. Agent: we have followedup with you via DM!
Customer: huge thanks to Marcus and the other gate agents at LAX terminal 2 for incredible customer service tonight. well done. Agent: We appreciate your feedback, JD!
Customer: bonjour boorito! happyhalloween Agent: Well played, my friend. Becky
Customer: When your order came to be 30 after tax and tip but they charge you nearly 40. Neat Agent: Can you message us so we can look into this for you?
Customer: I am just a little curious to know what time is s End of Day? it is past dinner time and still no delivery of my . Agent: Drivers can be out on route well past the 7pm normal cut off. Thanks for your patience.
Customer: Thanks for the 3 Boorito™ Agent: Thanks for coming in! What did you get? Becky
Customer: ねぇこういうのマジで頭悪いと思うんだよね。じゃあ具体的にどんなサイトにいつどの端末から登録したのか訊けば答えられるんかね。そのサイトのアクセスログに俺のIPアドレスは載ってるんかね。そもそもAmazonは「有料動画サイト」とかやってねぇよバカか。 Agent: 失礼いたします。ご存知かと存じますが、当サイトからそのようなメールをお送りすることはございません。Amazonの名をかたるフィッシング行為が増えているようですので、どうぞお気を付けください。
Customer: Done. Agent: I have responded to your message Kirsty. TY Jayne
Customer: . online ordering said pizza ready 526536p. It’s 630p amp still no pizza. Kinda ruining Halloween for me. fixyourcomputersystem Agent: we are sorry your order is late! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thanks!
Customer: What does that mean? We have a DVR cable box that stopped working after having it for 2 months. They sent a replacement. Agent: Not sure how that was sent out but we do apologize if that was how it arrived. Were we looking to replace that box at this time?
Customer: I did thankfully! And this evening about 9.30pm. I talked to the checkout girl about the kettle I was buying too. Agent: I advise going into store and speaking with one of my colleagues. I am sure they would be more than happy to help. Robbie
Customer: this is the second Fishing email that I have gotten in 2 days Agent: We are here to help. Please refer to the following article for steps to report these emails
Customer: Can you create a demo mode in the app or on web so that we can teach our parents amp elderly how to request a ride for themselves. Agent: Here to help! Please reach out to and fill out the 4 boxes at the bottom so we can get in touch.
Customer: same problem on IE and chrome Agent: Would these additional options work
Customer: Here is the problem Agent: we would be happy to assist. To begin, are you completely updated to iOS 11.1? message us to let us know.
Customer: Kevin drayne email <number>. Onthis business trip, i had to buy add’l clothes, please advise on this Agent: Hi Kevin, I would keep your receipts. Once you have your bag you need to claim these back through Kuwait Airlines. Raj
Customer: Hi, I am relocating to Canada soon as a PR, and was wondering abt procedures to open a bank account before arriving. Agent: You got it, Ahmad! Check out for the process
Customer: that feature used to be there not now Agent: Try to set the recordings up individually instead of a series. Should give you an option to record an extra hour and 30 minutes.
Customer: Creí que lo había hecho. Ahora les vuelvo a escribir por privado. Agent: Muchas gracias. Por favor revisa tus mensajes directos.
Customer: Hi,Right now our 2phones are in my name but my husband and I want them to be in his name. Do we need to go into a store to do this? Agent: Hi! let us see what we can do to help you and your husband. Send us a PM. KananiB
Customer: Danke für die schnelle Antwort... ja, ich werde mal nachfragen, was da schiefgelaufen sein soll. Ihnen auch einen schönen Abend noch. Agent: Danke
Customer: Do you have any idea when I will be able to watch live TV again? I do t want to go back to SlingTV. Agent: Oh no! Are you still running into buffering? If so, please check your speeds meet our reqs here
Customer: How You Give Us The Wrong Stuff Agent: that is frustrating – my apologies. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: no Agent: they are available 7 days a week 800 am to midnight ET. Sorry for the inconvenience.In
Customer: Please call me Agent: If you follow the link RR provided, we would love to give you a call.
Customer: We didn’t receive the order. I tried to call through but no one was picking up the phone. Agent: If I can get this order out today for you, what times will you be available today? David
Customer: landed in PHL on flight 2097 this afternoon and just realized I left my Kindle in seat 3A. How do I find/claim it? Agent: To assist us, please complete our Lost Item Report here
Customer: I have OS HighSierra installed the bug fix amp now it is crashing, losing work, cannot undo amp recovered documents have none of my updates. Agent: Please check if this helps amp let us know how it goes. Raj
Customer: so IOS 11 reduced avg battery life from 240 minutes to 96?? Seriously I would rather have my batter elode and get a new one... Agent: we would like to work with you. May we ask what type of iOS device you have? Let us know to get started.
Customer: DVR will only let me add max 30 minutes to the 3 hour worldseries broadcast. seems reasonable probably won’t miss anything. Agent: Hello there should be an auto extend feature for sports recordings. Matt
Customer: hello. why you do not process my request to change my name? I sent copy of passport about a week ago, but you still remain silent. Agent: Hey there, we have responded to your DM, so please message us back whenever you get the chance!
Customer: Finally downloaded app but hangs on Just a moment then times out. Agent: Hello, Bill. Let us know on how we can improve our support here Thank you.
Customer: .. terrible.. worst service ever Agent: Hello, I am sorry to see that you feel this way and I would be happy to turn that around. Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: Adobe Lightroom is terrible since updating to CC Classic ! Sony A9 file takes 15sec to load full preview .... lightroomcc Agent: Oh no! It definitely should not be slower which OS/version are you on? Is this happening with all files? Let us know so we can help Madison
Customer: Dear , thank you for providing excellent service amp employees who truly care about the customer eerience. You stand out in the crowd Agent: Wow, that is what we love to hear! We appreciate your loyalty and support. Thank you for choosing Delta.
Customer: At the store on palo verde and Stearns in Long Beach Agent: Thanks. we are on it.
Customer: I️ have I️ can I️ will THE FUCK Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out. Which iOS version are you currently using? If not on the current iOS 11.1.2, please back up and update following these steps message us if you are still having autocorrect issues after updating.
Customer: where is my package? Tracking 1Z9743W80207078561 Agent: Please message our team. Please confirm your address.
Customer: when will queen sugar Season 2 be on Hulu Agent: No set date at this time, but we will let our content team know you are eagerly awaiting more Queen Sugar!
Customer: is garbage. My office phone hasnt worked right since September. Now the VM PW is suddenly rejected and after 2 weeks they still can’t fix it Verizon Agent: We want to provide the correct support. Is this regarding your Mobile or Business land line services?
Customer: It’s back on now. I will provide that info if you provide a discount Agent: If you do not wish to send us the info, that is your choice. I cannot guarantee a discount for providing us your account details.
Customer: Had a ride home and now I don’t. Thanks to your plane issues. 35 uber ride for me! Agent: OK looks like we are doing an aircraft swap and we should have you on your way shortly. Andre
Customer: Was it you or Blizzard who broke the servers? Agent: let us take a look. Have you had a chance to run a tracert?
Customer: hi E, thanks for getting back to me. I have no case reference as no one has yet replied to my emails x Agent: Can I just check when you emailed? Can you confirm if you contacted email too? Thank you
Customer: É o livro Os arquivos secretos do homem morcego. Simplesmente magnífico Agent: Parece um livro interessante demais. Espero que curta muito da leitura dele! Abraço.
Customer: what is the point of s split fare feature if it never works, ever? Agent: Here to help! Please send us a note at and we will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: I DMd hours ago and I am still having problems Agent: Hi, Shaunee! We reply to your message. Please, check your inbox.
Customer: yes, it affects all TVs but it does not impact commercials. it is a slight choppiness and blurriness during the game broadcast Agent: Thank you, if commercials are not impacted it may be the broadcasters. Is the SD broadcast also having similar issues?
Customer: Anyway I can refund something Agent: Hi there. For refund info, please check the following link
Customer: I sent a private message describing my problem. Agent: Hi! Thanks for bringing this up. Which version of Windows are you running? Did you make any changes prior to this issue? Have you tried checking the games support site for troubleshooting steps?
Customer: why are my words showing symbols instead of the words ??? Tf Agent: Hi there! We saw your tweet and would like to assist you. Please send us a message and follow us to further assist you. .
Customer: Are yous going to update COD Zombies on IOS for IOS 11. Agent: Good afternoon William, unfortunately this app is no longer supported. Sincerest apologies.
Customer: Hey why do not you have chorizo anymore it was the best thing on the menu Agent: It was my favorite, too. My apologies for any frustration. Becky
Customer: Really? Agent: Sorry for the trouble and delay! Are your speeds meeting our reqs What device are you using to stream?
Customer: I can still get to the apps via the library folder but prefer the convenience of the home screen folder Agent: Please try rebuilding the database. Follow the steps on the next article
Customer: Two DOA orders. First hard drive came bouncing in a giant box, second one crushed in a padded envelope... sigh. Refund on way. Agent: Please help us to improve by providing your packaging feedback here
Customer: Are they direct flight ? Agent: Yes from London Gatwick Sandra
Customer: 20 mins late, and several items missing Not happy at all Agent: Could you please message your full name, address, email address and a list of the items you are missing? TY Sophie
Customer: I am having that trouble this time around. It did not want me to open any Adobe program until I downloaded Java amp then they keep crashing. Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: Thanks We’ve now missed our connection to London Euston Agent: Hello Andrew sorry to hear this what journey are you making?
Customer: fix it Agent: We want to help you. message us, and let us know what is going on. we will look into this.
Customer: Ok. Now what? Agent: Reboot your router nd thn cable boxes and let us know if the issue clears please.
Customer: breaks my heart that I cannot be at 3 day Agent: It breaks mine, too. Where will you be? Becky
Customer: extremely poor customer service repeatedly. Unbelievable smh.. Agent: Please message us your tracking number, and complete address so we can look into this.
Customer: Dear Its been a pretty good run lately and I appreciate you for that. But the service Ive received the last two days not acceptable. Agent: ...us. Thank you. ATJ
Customer: that is the first thing I checked Agent: Hi there! Have you tried resetting you router/modem and then power cycle
Customer: Had a package scheduled for delivery today and it didn’t come I’m not happy Agent: I am sorry your shipment has not arrived what is the latest status on the order
Customer: One of my refund request has been active for a week and the money still has not been put on my card. Agent: Hello, I am sorry to hear you are having an issue with a refund For help, please send us a message with your PayPal emai...
Customer: I am an frequent flyer and I can attest that they suck The Best Frequent Flyer Programs to Strive For Agent: We never want you to feel this way, and appreciate the feedback you provide!
Customer: No more for me. teamUber Agent: For more information on authorization, check out an article at our Help Center at
Customer: , you a real one! No tricks, just treats. Agent: Absolutely. Becky
Customer: I have sent it in a message I just need our wifi to work please do something we are not able to switch to verizon apparently Agent: I have not received the DM. If you are not following up on Twitter, you will need to follow us and then send a DM.
Customer: amazonのfireTVstickが見れない Agent: こんにちは、アマゾン公式です。Fire TV Stickが見れないというのは、どのような状況でしょうか。一般的なトラブルシューティングを記載したヘルプがございますので、ご参照ください。
Customer: I did not even know about a boorito promo, Becky. But now I want it. Whatever it is. Agent: Whip together a costume, come on in, and you can get a 3 main menu item! Becky
Customer: Could really go for some but here I am in night class without Chipotle Agent: Can these friends help? Becky
Customer: your employee was very rude in the drive thru and gave us the middle finger Agent: This is serious. message us.
Customer: is raping us all. There prices are outrageous. Say bye bye to Charter and hello to Agent: we will be happy to have you apart of our family! Let us know if there is anything we can do to help you in your decision. Thank youAmberC
Customer: Not here pissed Agent: I am sorry your order has not arrived! Please reach us here if it does not arrive tomorrow.
Customer: 83.85 download 94.99 upload on wired. 61.81 download 54.82 upload wireless Agent: Are these close to the speeds in your package?
Customer: booked a code share Korean Air flight on where can I find my confirmation or ticket for the KE portion? Agent: I’d be delighted to assist. Please follow and message your confirmation number.
Customer: Will it be complimentary or charged the 25 or however much it Is? Agent: you will get charged just like a normal checked bag and the charge amount depends on your ticket. Please message your record locator so we can see.
Customer: why am i charged 10.99 for prime membership every month when i have purchased it for INR 499? Agent: Please connect with us here and we will assist you on how to proceed further.
Customer: ah, yes. I had a work email on my biz acct, which was linked to my personal acct. I unlinked them, tried the link again and it worked. Thx! Agent: Hey, that’s great, Danaan! We’re glad to hear that you got this taken care of. Thanks for letting us know. Cheers
Customer: Sooo....I emailed and still nothing. Reason?? I’ve waited several weeks at this point. Agent: We apologize. Please message us your contact information amp our Guest Support Team will reach out.
Customer: not only does my phone keep freezing but when i screenshot things it turns out white... really not liking this iphone 8 plus Agent: let us look at this together. Are you updated to iOS 11.1?
Customer: I wish malaysia have Agent: We feel the love! We’ve passed your request on to our Real Estate Team. Thanks!
Customer: Which would be my next step Agent: Yikes! Just to clarify, which device are you using? let us continue this troubleshooting via DM. we will wait for you.
Customer: そういえば28日発売なのにAmazon予約したPrince写真集の支払い番号まだ届かないってやばみ？ 誰か〜Amazonで注文してる人いませんか〜 Agent: リプライ失礼いたします。予約商品をコンビニ払いでお支払いいただく場合、発売日が近付き商品が出荷準備に入りしだい、お支払い番号をお送りいたします。恐れ入りますが、今しばらくお待ちください。
Customer: Is there a minimum amount you have to pay to be able to send from one bluebird account to another? Agent: For immediate assistance,pls contact Bluebird Customer Service at <number>,. Thank you.
Customer: It’s this outsourcing mess, I don’t wanna speak to someone in India about an issue in New York Agent: Hello! Thank you for contacting us, this is really concerning to us, please send us a message to further assist you. .
Customer: what is the issue!? Why are the package progress details not updating? Agent: Hi there. If you need any assistance with a delivery, please message us your tracking amp contact info.
Customer: We had to have a Count Colin xx... Agent: Glad you had fun, Sarah! We heard Count Collin can really suck the life out of the party . . .
Customer: In college you will wear a costume for cheap food. Agent: I will do that even though I am not in college. Respect, though. Jen
Customer: Today will be my third day in a row having I also know too much information about the company to not be paid. Agent: Well we cannot pay you, but we sure do appreciate your loyalty. Jen
Customer: commercials are louder than on roku, xbox, desktop, ios. can someone fix the content and fix the low volume? Agent: we would love to get our team to look closer and see how we can best assist. Please give us a call/chat
Customer: sneaky sneaky sneaky, offered free Showtime as loyal customer then jacked up the internet and basic TV prices. FIOS where r You Agent: Here we are! we would love to have you in the Fios family. Please check here for availability
Customer: Got 2 burrito bowls WITH guac for 6.42 Laughing Out Loud thanks for having a Halloween promo every year ✊✊✊✊ Agent: we have got you, fam. Becky
Customer: sent you DM, ESPN is cutting in and out Agent: Hello Alex, My apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience. If you’d like to message your account details phone n...
Customer: Shoutout to for the ~spooky~ good deal on booritos Agent: No tricks, only treats. Becky
Customer: amazonプライムビデオ、再生エラーが多いです Agent: ご不便をおかけしております。アプリをご利用でしょうか。強制停止gt端末の再起動にて改善する場合がございますので、お試しください。改善しない場合は、状況を確認しご案内させていただきますのでこちらからカスタマーサービスまでご連絡ください。
Customer: I’ve had nothing but trouble with of my orders this month and I’m starting to doubt my continuing my prime membership Agent: Without posting account information, could you provide us with a few details about the issue? we would like to help!
Customer: is psn down? Can’t log in. Error CE387031 Agent: Hi Marcelino. Please follow the steps in the next link to fix the error code CE387031
Customer: pls investigate ur satara Maharashtra amzn staff or ur reputation is doomed in the region in long term. Agent: Request you to please fill in the details in the link provided earlier and we will look into this.
Customer: I hard restarted my system. That worked. Thank you! Agent: that is good news, if you need assistance in the future then feel free to reach out. Have a good one!
Customer: are there any issues with the live stream service? Agent: No news on any outages from our end currently. Let us know what device you are using and try out
Customer: Ahhh okay makes sense thank you! I hope my package comes Friday Agent: Please keep us posted as we want to make sure your order arrives!
Customer: fuck you, I tried downloading your app and the first thing that came up was to be a driver Agent: Find out more info about downloading the app here
Customer: Nothing like a smooth ride home. travelphotography horizonair iflyalaska Alaska Airlines … Agent: What a stunning photo! Thanks for choosing to fly with us. Kimball
Customer: Rather have a refund for ticket for the station staff allowing ppl drunk on the train in the 1st place. Racist, foul mouthed louts which scared the kids on the train Agent: I am afraid we would not be able to offer a refund for this, apologies
Customer: grand opening weekend has been horrible because 1. your dining room is closed for maintenance 2. Your parking lot is a mess Agent: Sorry to hear that, Megan. Which restaurant did you visit?
Customer: hello,Dont you have any customer care contact to talk to your executives Agent: Here to help! At this moment, we do not offer phone support. Visit this link so our team can assist.
Customer: Hi I just filled the eform to change the name Agent: Hi Yeo, Appreciate you able provide us the booking number ? for us checking further. Thank you Mariya
Customer: I sent a question. Can you guys answer? Thanks Agent: Here to help! Please provide us with more details of this issue in order to assist you better.
Customer: No network connection? I have a network connection? How do I fix? Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us! Can you message us your gamertag so we can look into this with you?
Customer: are MCS and first upgrades for elevate gold not available on a flight booked through AS but on VX metal? Agent: They are still available on both, just make sure you have your Elevate or Alaska mileage number in the reservation. Sean
Customer: What do you mean by local user Agent: Please find more information in the following article
Customer: It’s a little higher now Agent: Those wireless speeds look good. What do you get wired with no other active devices?
Customer: my amazon pay balance is 1125.35 but I am not able to use the whole amount. Plz help. Agent: Sorry for the trouble using Amazon Pay Balance. Kindly report this to our support team here
Customer: Please pass on my disappointment. We used Xbox Select daily. The Cortana version lacks app functionality, and Cortana commands are slower. Agent: If that is something you would like to see change, you can let your voice be heard here
Customer: S/o for the 3 burrito!! Agent: Thanks for the shout out! Becky
Customer: a couple of days ago. it’s been happening on a few of my friends’ phones as well. Agent: Thank you for that info. Is this happening with all the apps or only a select few?
Customer: ur app shows eected delivery on 25 th on 30th prepaid orders.its a regular customer realising not to buy anything further. Agent: Apologies. we would like to check this for you. Kindly contact us here
Customer: Can you tell me who can. Agent: You would need to speak with our Holidays team, Tracey. Sorry for any inconvenience. Lisa
Customer: Exijo mi reembolso inmediato ya que yo en ningún momento solicité dicha membresía prime, hubo algún error. Solución inmediata Agent: Hola Mary. Para más detalles sobre como cancelar tu membresía de Amazon Prime, ingresa a
Customer: yep! Whole reason I flew out was 4 one of my best friends wedding and I ended up looking like a zombie amp in agony x Agent: Hi Lissy, I am so sorry to hear about what is happened. Do you have the VSCR case ref handy at all?
Customer: Why is showing commercials of a TV show while I am watching it? Agent: On our base plan, ads help us offer new content, without the wait, while keeping our price down
Customer: Continued buffering, loss of sound and it does not save where I leave off in programming. Agent: Oh no! we would like to look into this in real time with you. Please reach us via phone here
Customer: I checked my dunkin promo 4 times. It is correct. But not letting me register a new card. Please help Agent: We can definitely assist you with this, Shawn. Send us a message so you can GetThanked RickK
Customer: on Halloween is always a great time except when You see a trick dressing as a Native mocking ur culture. Miss me w/ that bs. Agent: I am so sorry about that. We appreciate you stopping by, though. Becky
Customer: fix your app it will not even open Agent: Which app are you referring too?
Customer: I have remove freakish from my watch list and turned off auto play. Every time I log on thru my firestick Freakish auto starts Agent: To clarify, does Freakish start the moment you launch our app? Or does Freakis Autoplay after you watch other shows?
Customer: . for the win as fails. Maybe time for this life long United/Star Alliance member to make the switch enough Agent: Kimberly, you are always welcome to fly with us anytime youd like Sean
Customer: I did but can you provide the items I asked about? The document spelling out what you cannot have is not able to readily found. Agent: Here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can assist.
Customer: I won a xbox one x. How do I know if I am a verified winner Agent: We can help. message us.
Customer: that is pointless as it is every day, all the time. No matter when I go in. I speak 2the management who r as fed up as I am. they have no staff. Agent: So sorry! Could you send me what store this is in so we can get this to the right people? Janay
Customer: I am trying to cancel a booking made for todays flight. Is it possible? Agent: Hi Jos, we do not allow cancellation as payment made is nonrefundable, but may we have your booking number? Fam
Customer: Yes. I need some help/exception for a reservation. Can I pm you the info? Agent: Yes, please share your confirmation here.
Customer: Pretty sure Adobe Premiere wants to kill my computer. Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: updating xcode via appstore. 7min remaining 6hr ago. 1min rem for over an hour. Why? My net bandwidth is good. Agent: we would like to help any way we can. Are other apps able to be downloaded on your device? Which model is it and which OS version?
Customer: I live in Mexico City, have not received facturas in the last 2 months and need then As Soon As Possible for tax report. please help! Agent: Hi there! Please send us a note via so we can assist further.
Customer: what is going on with the service in Chicago? When will it be back up? Cable and internet xfinityoutage Agent: and account number so I can assist further with the issues you have been eeriencing. Thanks!
Customer: Poor cannot make a reliable internet connection! I am embarrassed by my routers recent performance. Calling tomorrow Sad! Agent: We do not want to lose you! Could you message me your phone number and address so I can look into these issues?
Customer: can you still pre oder ww2 on the playstation store Agent: Yes you can pre order the game on the console store. For more information please contact your console store.
Customer: .. worst kind of service giving to his customers.. I have a purchased a boss washing machine.. waiting so long .. Agent: we have missed on the estimated delivery date ?
Customer: When You misplace ur makeup bag but hope You learnt somethin from vids on store bought stuff... Agent: Loving your cando attitude! Thanks for sharing your makeup solution with us. makeitwork Danny
Customer: Hey I have some problem with storefront on FM3. Servers will be back? Help us and guys. Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. Can you send us a message with your gamertag and description of your issue?
Customer: Give me and the 50,000 other people our bags ! travelwoes longestday Agent: we are sorry for the extended travel time today, Ally. Our team is working hard to reunite you with your bags.
Customer: nothing. Sort it fucking out tesco. Agent: Could you message me a description of the colleague you spoke with as well as a time you were in the store? Thanks Peter
Customer: Who’s looking in your window at night Agent: Creepy! Happy Halloween! ArynH
Customer: Thanks Anwar .. Agent: You are most welcome
Customer: Unlucky not to be flying on today and have to wait until Nov. 8th. Would have been nice to have had a free drink on flight. Agent: Maybe next year? We cannot wait to welcome you onboard, Matthew! We hope you have a wonderful flight.
Customer: hi Agent: Hi Yusof, how may we help you today? Any booking number to check? Fam
Customer: why is Videos option missing in the skills for Alexa in India? Not able to connect my fire . Agent: This feature, as of now is not available. It will soon be available. Kindly stay tuned!
Customer: hi Neville will you ever update this area? I have constant dropped calls here. Agent: We only want the best possible service for you there, John. Please message us. MikeRice
Customer: Shout out to for feeding all the Nevada students tonight! Ya the real mvp Agent: We gotchu. Jen
Customer: I am using an iPhone 6s amp I tried the things that the troubleshooting tips suggest. Agent: If you are still having trouble logging in after troubleshooting please contact us here for realtime help
Customer: Where is my order? Agent: I am sorry it has not arrived! Please reach us here so we can look into available options.
Customer: , ,yet in 2017 we are facing very poor network in my village and surrounding locality. Agent: We apologise for trouble caused,Please message your Idea number and alternate number also elaborate on your concern so that we can assist you further. Regards, Amruta
Customer: Thank You i cant open My project anymore ! The New version of adobe has a lot of Buggs !!! Agent: Hi there, sorry for the frustrating eerience. Do you get any error messages when trying to open your project? Wren
Customer: If you can fix the outage for zip code <number> that would be really nice. Agent: Hi Tisha! I would really like to help with your services. When you can plz message your phone number and address to chat?
Customer: thanks for such thoughtful packing. Must be why it takes so long to ship whoneedspeanuts oversized Agent: That does seem excessive. Help us improve by leaving order specific packaging feedback here
Customer: As it should be Agent: Hi! Thanks for reaching out. Please message your full address so I can help with the XFINITY On Demand concern.
Customer: Just giving credit where it is due. Thank you Agent: Will do, have a great week.
Customer: I’m one of your nyc drivers. Can I please have information on child seat certification. And what is needed thank you. Agent: If this changes in the future, we will let you know via email or app notifications!
Customer: I just had another problem with an uberpool cancellation. there is a glitch in the app. Agent: Here to help! Follow up here and our team will connect right away.
Customer: Thanks !!! Agent: Thanks for coming in! Becky
Customer: Y’all need to fix this now Agent: Thank you for reaching out. we have received your message and will continue working with you there.
Customer: 2 out of 2 codes do not work.... neither on phones or desktop. TMobileTuesday Fail Agent: Jennie! Thanks for reaching out. Send me a message and I will see what I can do for you. JelisaAbregano
Customer: What are you guys doing with all the filthylucre we are throwing at you? Clearly not using it for criticalinfrastructure... Agent: Hello sounds like you may be having an issue with our service. Please message your name and service address so we can help. Dan
Customer: Bought a washing machine from Amazon and had a nightmare getting it installed. Neither you guys or the brand was helpful. Agent: here and I’ll contact you soon.
Customer: so someone hacks my account, takes my money 3 weeks later, countless emails hours on hold. NOTHING HAS HAPPENED Agent: Hi I am sorry to hear about this! Please send me a message with your account email address, country of residence. Thanks!
Customer: I don’t need anything from you all. I’m currently impatiently waiting at a UPS hub. I’ve been here almost an hour. I’m pissed. Agent: I am sorry for any frustration caused! Let us know if you do need help in the future.
Customer: Wolverhampton to Bham New Street Agent: What time service did you catch? If one of our trains is delayed you are entitled to delay repay on the ticket purchased if you reach your end destination more than 30 minutes late as a result
Customer: Not Amazon customer service, that’s what’s down. Way down. Agent: Sorry to hear that you feel this way. Please report it to an agent with access to your acc here
Customer: Yes Agent: Thank you for reaching out. we have received your message and will continue working with you there.
Customer: I need to get a message to someone on a flight His wife has had a healthy baby and we want to tell him, is this possible? Agent: we will do our best, Chelsea. message more details along with the flight details and name of the person. Thanks.
Customer: It would be the Talbot Green extra, South Wales. Agent: Hi Laura, sorry to be a pain, which turkey would you prefer from the magazine? Then we can look further into this Ty, Andy
Customer: Blindspot season two only goes to ep17? Despite there being more eps but then s3e1 is up? Agent: Hey, Cheryl! Our team is aware of this and looking into making those 5 episodes available on all devices ASAP!
Customer: So sad ruined his FIRST Halloween by failing to deliver his tiny costume 2 days running whypayprime? amazon prime Agent: Oh no! Did we miss the eected delivery date from your confirmation email here Please let us know.
Customer: My grandma dressed up as “oldest pregnant lady” to get her 3 but couldn’t get out of the house Agent: Oh noooo! Did she make it? Becky
Customer: wow, I have never felt so disrespected by someone that I pay a lot of money to. is sure showing it is Agent: We sincerely appreciate your loyalty and want to regain your trust. See you back in message Robert. EricPayne
Customer: The social media people are A1 Agent: We tend to have a spooktacular time at work! Hope to see you onboard soon.
Customer: When you don’t get the BOORITO discount because the cashier doesn’t realize you’re Kim Possible Agent: I am so sorry about that. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: So your support team gave me BS answers and then refused to speak to me. PayPal didnt. Goodbye, ! Hello, . Agent: Sorry to hear about the trouble. We just sent you a .
Customer: amazon japan still hasn’t verified my bank account and i’m getting STRESSED Agent: We cannot confirm your account details via Twitter, so please contact JP Customer service at
Customer: Pero un cobro con la misma información me lo tomo, un minuto después ya no. No es la info de la tarjeta, es un problema del store Agent: Por favor siguenos para poder enviarte más instrucciones vía mensaje directo.
Customer: Hey everyone, online grocery pickup was awesome! Use code RKYSUI0G for 10 off your first order! Agent: Hope this means we will be seeing alot more of you, curbside! Danny
Customer: Mentally harassed and tortured with IDEA care. Filed a legal complaint. If anything happen IDEA is responsible Agent: We understand the wait has been long. Please give us some more time amp we will get this sorted out for you. Regards,Sneha.
Customer: I am unable to use 3G in my mobile <number> from last one month before 1 month it was giving 3G metwork. it is showing 2G only Agent: We are unable to establish any contact with you,kindly get back to us for any further assistance.Regards,HItesh
Customer: All I wanted was for my break at work and now I’m going to have food, but no break because of the Halloween line Agent: I am so sorry about that. Our annual Boorito promo gets pretty crazy. Becky
Customer: when will you update your in app location services for Edmonton, Alberta, Canada? Uber drivers never find our area Maple Crest Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: Phone call with BA when I booked said it was allowed. Now it is not. Rule change A week ago, I was told. Agent: Hi Dweezil, we are very sorry, this policy was updated on the 25th October in our Contact Center and website. Are you still 2 Danielle
Customer: Two roku sticks and ps4. it is missing on all 3 devices under live tv. Agent: Thanks for that info! To further assist with this situation, please follow us on Twitter and send us a DM!
Customer: What is this link??? Agent: The rest of my message. It is just me asking for the account information in a private message.
Customer: awful service, more than 1 hour delay due to logbook maintenance issues. Where is preventive maintenance? Agent: We do many checks pre and post departure. Please share your flight number if we can provide an update.
Customer: it’s 1313 or 313. it gives me an error message that says there’s an issue with the channel. i’ve been trying since about 410pm. Agent: Lara, let me check your subscription. Please message your full name and address. Thanks Karen
Customer: Is anyone else having problems with there iPhone 7 saying no service? Agent: We want to help with this. let us start troubleshooting by trying the steps here
Customer: Had a really poor eerience with my driver tonight. Extremely disappointed and thinking of returning to uber Agent: we are really sorry to hear about your eerience. Please send us a message with more details, and we would be happy to help.
Customer: Yo where my mans steak for his quesadilla? We demand a refund Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: when you order half chicken/half yourself at chipotle...yikes Agent: Becky
Customer: being on hold for 11 minutes and counting is poor seevice Agent: I apologize for the delayed response. Have your concerns been addressed? If not, I will need the account holders ...
Customer: The guide and info has not been working on my DVR box for a few days. Agent: Please reboot the router and then reboot the set top box.
Customer: Yo the sound is not working on NBC and I’m missing Agent: Hello please message your account details and I will look into this for you. ~
Customer: Am trying to escalate a non received item that I want a refund on. Escalate system errors each time. Help please. Thank You Agent: Hi there! I am sorry to hear about this situation. Please send us a message with some more details about this!
Customer: The shipping charges on feedback should not be an option when shipping charges are seen before someone buys the item. do not buy then Agent: While we allow buyers to leave feedback this, replying to their feedback is always a good idea!
Customer: Cameron, When is the Clubcard boost again? Love this type of turn of events, thanks for the heads up. moremoneysaving Agent: Hey Mo, we no longer do the double up event in store, but we still have our partners Kind regards Rhys
Customer: .Mpesa iko na shida gani jamani? Agent: Morning, MPesa iko sawa. Unapata tatizo gani?
Customer: Yes. You definitely missed my delivery date. Twice. Also your call center staff seems to have no understanding of how mail delivery works. Agent: I certainly understand your frustration! Who was the carrier for these orders? Please check here
Customer: When I email I get the best customer service. Why the people on the phone are not enabled to do the same just baffles me. Agent: Our service should be consistent all across the board, Stuart. So sorry if you eerienced otherwise.
Customer: Someon at needs to reevaluate their definition of soft taco Agent: We hear you. Where did you get this?
Customer: hi PayPal today you have taken what I owed out of my bank and also of my paypal balance you have charged me twice ? Agent: Hey there, we have responded to your DM, so please message us back whenever you get the chance!
Customer: My DVR is fucking up and won’t let me record hocus pocus, What The F... . Agent: Hello. Just checking in to see if you are still eeriencing DVR issues.
Customer: I said the battery is dying too fast. Is that because of the new iOS 11.0.3? I’m pretty worried about it I can’t trust my phone anymore Agent: we are here to help. let us update your device to iOS 11.1 and test to see if the issue persists
Customer: that is it, I am on board with , ready to leave Tokyo for London. No, before you ask, I do not want to go. Agent: we are glad to have you back on board, Andy. We know that you do not want to leave Tokyo so you will just have to go back. Helen
Customer: Trying to get a receipt for a flight I booked for my daughter. I can on ly find my flight in my account. Help! Agent: Hey, Kathi. We can take a look for you. Send a message with the confirmation number.
Customer: UBER EATS IS THE WORST. DO NOT USE. UBER Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
Customer: Hello i’ve left my iphone on the train, i was on 22.35 from Ealing Broadway to Langley 22.57. Can you help? Agent: Hi Ange. Which model iPhone was it, what was the colour and background image? Where on board was it left? Phil.
Customer: When can I download WW2 season pass? Agent: Hey you can look into the Call of Duty® WWII Digital Deluxe that comes with the Season Pass.
Customer: so I’m enjoying my amazing burrito bowl and I find plastic in my food I’m disgusted Agent: that is concerning. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: I had a 3 burrito from chipotle and now I feel sick Agent: This is concerning. Please reach out to our team at the link Jen
Customer: Help, , my tv is stuck like this! Agent: Hi, I can help with finding a solution for this TV issue. Can you message the name and address on the account ?Sean
Customer: I know it’s nearly xmas but seriously I ordered a book from due to arrive 23rd Oct and still don’t have it or know where it is??? Agent: I am sorry for the wait, Jamie! what is the current status of your order here
Customer: Aye why y’all don’t deliver to Xavier University of Louisiana??? What’s beef?? Agent: Hi there! This would be a question for your local store. Thanks for your time!
Customer: mobileCareXI no signal on my modem, please fix. Agent: Hello, I apologize for the delayed reply. Are you still having issues with your internet at this time?
Customer: Series of lies is getting old. I followed you, message me if you want to talk, but no more lies plz. Agent: I would love to look into this for you. I, unfortunately, do not have a way to initiate a DM. Please feel free to send us one.
Customer: epıl bana yardımcı olur musun telefon internet konusunda çok yakıyo napcaz ? Agent: We offer support via Twitter in English. Contact us for help in your preferred language here
Customer: We ordered food on for 8 hungry neighborhood kids, AND THEY CANCELLED THE ORDER AFTER AN HOUR OF WAITING. R you effn kidding me?! Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: since we haven’t had cable/internet for 2 days going on 3 do I still have to pay for this? I work from home this is a pain. Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. I will be glad to assist you. Can you message me your Name and acct or phone ?
Customer: It’s happening again. Agent: No issues to report on our end, currently. Is this on Xbox One? Any improvement after working through
Customer: the one on Ponce De Leon in Atlanta, Ga Agent: I will follow up with our team. Jen
Customer: I ordered and the delivery driver told me where is the elevator I am to fat to be walking down the stairs What The F... Laughing Out Loud Agent: we are sorry this happened. Please message us your contact info and store complaint. We can open a complaint for you. Thanks!
Customer: my gears of war 4 wont launch it goes on the loading screen and boots me off the game Agent: Hello! let us try going through the steps here to see if that helps with your game.
Customer: azhelp why i cannot use envvariable syntax in my function.json? Trying to deploy Function App but that syntax not working. Agent: Can you post this question to our forum here and send us the link? we would like to engage an engineer.
Customer: Thanks! Agent: Glad we could resolve this, have a wonderful day!
Customer: I am getting an error when I try to play episodes. Can you help, please? Agent: Still having trouble? Which device are you using? What error are you seeing? We want to help! 1st try
Customer: I ordered an Alexa and it is stuck in customs. sends me an email to upload the KYC. However, the link does not work. Help Agent: here amp we will help you. 2/2AH
Customer: Yo , tell me why I got a hair inside my jalapeño bites Agent: We apologize. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: mobileCare I have all premium channels but when I go to view on demand it says I need to subscribe? But I’m subscribed Agent: Can you send us a message when you have a moment?
Customer: All of them Agent: Hmm.... let us take a closer look into what is going on here
Customer: Doesn’t show in lock screen. Can’t adjust volume of phone isn’t unlocked also. Agent: Thanks for the info. Could you try logging out gt restarting your device gt logging back in to see if it helps? Keep us posted /
Customer: I want to add the baggage but I have web check in. Can you help me to directions for adding baggage? Thanks Agent: you can do it here via DM. Let us know your desired add ons,for whom,which sector and you will be assisted accordingly Mariya
Customer: I get prompted for a system administrator password on a MBP MacOS but there is no system administrator account I’m aware of!! Agent: let us take a closer look together. Which macOS version is installed currently? Where does this screen come up on your Mac?
Customer: Excited to dig into this New York issue! Agent: Enjoy the Nov/Dec 2017 issue!!
Customer: If you’re not dressed up in some kind of costume today, do you even like ? Agent: that is a legit question. Becky
Customer: Just boarded on our way to !!! Thank you laketahoe Agent: Glad to see we are all smiles this evening! it is great to have you onboard with us. Enjoy the flight and your time in Tahoe.
Customer: I used my credit card yesterday just fine, today it says my card isnt valid. Tried using another cc and PayPal. Fix for bug? Agent: Sorry for the inconvenience. For billing issues, please follow the steps in the next link
Customer: Never use asurion mobile insurance again!! Complete scam!! Agent: Can you tell us why you feel this way Heather? we are here to help anyway we can.
Customer: It took me to some remote access site. Agent: I apologize for that, it should not have done that. I clicked on this as well, and it showed me our conversation....
Customer: Terror del siglo XXI!!! Ayúdame ! Agent: We offer support via Twitter in English. Get help in Spanish here or join
Customer: never got a call back. Overcharged. Did ya fix it or just lie again? Agent: No lies here! We want to turn this around for you! message us your phone number so we can begin to get to the bottom of this! AndreaC
Customer: No I had 11.0.3 but now it says 11.1 update so ima go ahead and do that Agent: Please keep us posted afterwards.
Customer: shoutout for the FLYFI and for sponsoring this tweet Agent: Ayee!
Customer: I should have known there was a catch...flight delayed Agent: Sorry to hear that, Davina. The airport is eeriencing Air Traffic congestion at this time. Hoping to have you on your way soon.
Customer: Cuts out every 20 minutes this is ridiculous Agent: Are all your services cutting out?
Customer: Hey your driver dropped me off then backed into my retainer wall before speeding off. What gives, man? WHAT GIVES, MAN?!?!! Agent: Here to help! Please send us a note at and we will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: i am trying to subscribe to advantag plus but i keep getting this notification. I was using Flex bundles before. Agent: Sam, we have reset your line. Restart device and test.
Customer: Some epic shit from Driver cancelled but you will be charged cancellation anyway. Ugh. Have some shame. Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: Our cable is down so my mom called . She’s been on hold for over an hour. This is ridiculous Agent: That is a long time to wait. We can help here. Are other services down or just the TV?
Customer: I REALLY HATE Agent: Hey, help us to help you. Gotta reach out in a PM if you need something ErikS
Customer: To the driver who has been 2mins away for over 15mins. I hope you battled a dragon to get to me. Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can connect right away.
Customer: seems You r not interested to have me in ur Idea family. I have not received any call/update from you.. Agent: We request you to message your number and pincode to assist you better. Regards, Shweta
Customer: BA0229 cancelled Friday. Rebooked on BA293. Told to call customer relations for complimentary upgrade but they are closed? Agent: Hi Daniel, we would not offer a complimentary upgrade for a cancelled flight. Who advised you to contact us? Helen
Customer: my Xbox was bought in Switzerland and now I can no longer make repair request in my country Brazil why? Agent: Hi there! Mind sending us a direct message with your Gamertag?
Customer: I have. No luck. Agent: Sorry you are still having trouble! What error are you seeing when you try to use the app?
Customer: Many times, but still failing, and it happen with some show Agent: Is this still ongoing? What devices are you using?
Customer: really we preorder our pizza and wait in half hour line to pick it up? Agent: we are sorry for the wait time, Dan! Please message us and we can open a complaint for you.
Customer: I’m quite pissed the World Series keeps freezing because my internet speed is only HALF of what I am paying for! What the?!! Agent: Please send a message with your full name, address, and account number so I can assist further. Thanks!
Customer: is the way to my heart Agent: we will always be here for you. Becky
Customer: .s Safety Video is the best thing ever! Agent: So pleased you enjoyed our safety video, Stephanie. Hope we can welcome you on board again very soon.Jo
Customer: Awesome, thank you so much!! Appreciate the quick responses Agent: Anytime. Also, do not forget boarding starts 30 minutes prior to departure!
Customer: thought you’d like to know these sausages I purchased from you taste awful. Ruined my sausage and mash dinner, I just had mash! Agent: Finally could you please send me the bottom most row of digits from your receipt. Nick
Customer: I DMd this morning. Still no email response to rectify that our food was never delivered last night. doordash Agent: Hi the email address you have provided is not linked to an account. Could you please message us with the correct email address?
Customer: and please train your drivers to use low beams while driving in the city. All your cabbies use high beams which is damaging. Agent: Here to help! Connect with us through and we will be in touch.
Customer: Details sent. Please check. Agent: Thanks for confirming that the details have been shared. Our team will give it a look and reach out shortly.
Customer: I think I have found the winning twirl... please let me know what the prize is! On a serious note what is this? Agent: Oops, sorry about that Catherine! Looks like that is been overcooked. Which store did you get this from? Thanks, Sam.
Customer: 30 mins at the drive thru. Like What The F... Agent: that is too long. Where did this happen?
Customer: yet ANOTHER flight delay, and now I will not be getting home until midnight. I want 7 hours of my life back, . Agent: So sorry to hear about the delay. Please message your confirmation so that we can look into this.
Customer: Till now also I do not received any update from your end Agent: and proceed as per the suggestion. SG2/2
Customer: Your Twitter confused me today... I thought the 3 special for costumes started at 3, but San Francisco refused me until 4! Agent: That should not happen. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: HEY, I have 30 packages that need to be refunded on nov 5th which is the estimated shipping time. fake tracking. never shipped. Agent: Are the packages sold/fulfilled by Amazon or a thirdparty seller? That info can be found here
Customer: Toledo, OH on Talmadge. Usually they are so on point! Agent: Thank you for the information. We will address this with the restaurant team.
Customer: Why would charge more than my order to my account and then decline the purchase I hate that app it’s so glitchy Agent: Can you message us so we can look into this for you?
Customer: how are you gonna charge me 1.95 for guac when you can’t even mash the avocados Agent: We should not — please share this with if we have yet to make amends for that sad serving. Shawn
Customer: SERVICE WAS DISCONNECTED 3 WEEKS EARLY, WAS OUT OF INTERNET FOR ALMOST 2 HOURS BECAUSE OF YOUR MISTAKE Agent: , Has it been restored yet ? =
Customer: That stinks. Can you make it a feature, off by default, that I can enable? Agent: We hear you. We can’t make any promises but we’ll pass your feedback onto the right folks /
Customer: I will have to check on laptop when I get home from work, it is not in my deleted folder on phone. Agent: ok but i dont think there are any additional vouchers in this one, this year. Marc
Customer: wow so you guys just pick and choose who you want to respond to? Agent: Oh no! I am really sorry to hear about this, please message us your email address and we will reach out right away!
Customer: Why are you not refunding my trip to Bali for Volcano eruption!!! Urgently refund!! Agent: Hi Ashutosh , Could you provide us the booking number for further checking. Thanks Khairul
Customer: How long you gonna lie about your Price for Life deal? I have dealt w/ 12 ppl and they keep changing the rules on me. Not cool Agent: I apologize for any confusion, What part of our Price for Life are you getting different information about? Chris
Customer: My Calendar app doesn’t work at all after iOS 11.1, can’t see other months and it just shuts down, I have an IPhone Agent: We want to help you. Are there any troubleshooting steps you tried on your own? We want to make sure we do not repeat any steps.
Customer: Booking no YIUBPF. Thanks. Agent: Hi Jin Yen, we has respond you via DM, see you there! Anwar
Customer: After a long day at work, then trunk or treating, I was happy to hear was doing3 burritos!! Hit the spot!! Halloween Agent: we have got you, fam. Becky
Customer: But why has every item got 3 days processing time when it is usually next day Agent: Some deliveries may take slightly longer than usual. You can read more information on here
Customer: Great service from today! Ordered a TV and paid less than £4 for same day delivery, arrived exactly when requested. Love it! Agent: that is great Chris! Thanks for the feedback!
Customer: . Cheers and thanks for the upgrade to Dublin!! Uneected and appreciated!! 2millionsoon Agent: Cheers to you John, for being a loyal Delta customer!
Customer: worst most unprofessional driver ever !! asked for extra fee when he showed up ! yelling at me cause uber do not pay for his 30k car??? Agent: Sorry to hear this was your eerience! Please send us a note at so we can connect right away.
Customer: EK callled an hour ago and did not have any information of the whereabouts of my bag, but still searching hopefully Agent: I am sure it will. I am sorry for the inconvenience.
Customer: Bummer! I promised them some info and in my hurry to get to my next flight forgot to leave my business card Agent: So sorry to disappoint.
Customer: I mean I am flattered chipotle chipotlepickuplines Agent: Ha! You cannot fault him for trying. Becky
Customer: is there a problem with server, as trying to book flight and car gets a message Sorry, having problems! Agent: please use this link and state about the issue. Also please try again online before contacting . Oliver
Customer: NOW MY PREMIERE PRO HAS CRASHED AND NOW I HAVE TO DO THE EDITING ALL OVER AGAIN, MY LIFEEEEEEEEEEE Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: I JUST WANT TO B GOOD AT MY MF CRAFT BUT INDESIGN IS SO FUCKIN DIFFICULT Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: After prime membership gaurantied delivery option has vanished now Agent: If the factors do not provide the feasibility of a guaranteed delivery, the option will not be available.
Customer: At long last app downloaded, clicked Install, now hung on Just a moment.... My net cnxn fine. You have server problems? Agent: Store app or via Microsoft Store online?
Customer: I have the iPhone 6s Plus and just did the most recent update. Agent: To make sure, is iOS 11.1 installed on it currently? Also, any steps tried so far? message us here
Customer: Ohh got 11.2 beta 1 Agent: For testing purposes, let us not install the iOS beta just yet. Could you send us a message with your country to review further?
Customer: Something seems wrong here Agent: that is not cool. Where did you get this?
Customer: Hi, Having trouble buying fifa points on Xbox one, can you help? Agent: Thanks for reaching out! Could you message us your Gamertag and any error codes you are seeing?
Customer: Just have to say the Flight Attenants on Flight 1361 from BDL to ORD we’re awesome! Gate agents at BDL also! They need a shout out for awesome customer service! Treated this NonRev very well!! Agent: Thanks for your kind words! We hope you have a fantastic evening.
Customer: I’m so glad I didn’t pay the original toy sale price of £30 like my friend really disappointed as I do this sale every year!! Agent: Thanks Katie, I have fed this back for review with the relevant team. Hope you have a great time. Maclaine
Customer: why do I never receive promos !!!!!!!! Agent: Hi, Brittany. You can always share your referral code with friends so you can rack up free rides when they sign up!
Customer: Please fix these lobbies in blops3 getting lobbies with 7 v 3 brokengame Agent: moving forward.
Customer: Hey the 4K FireTV is great, but not needing to restart after every sleep to have it find my WiFi network would be better. Agent: I am sorry to hear about this. we would like to offer realtime troubleshooting. Please contact us here
Customer: is extra meat, guac, and queso included in the boorito? Agent: As long as it fits comfortably inside your meal, it is 3. Becky
Customer: 2 of the apparent flaw and security risk, letting us know we should change our passwords As Soon As Possible would have been nice Agent: have submitted your feedback, and let us know if you need more help.
Customer: Like honestly how could your customer service and work get any worst. Holler if you feel me. neverusingups for any of my companies!!! Agent: I do apologize that you feel this way. If you need assistance please message our team.
Customer: can You please put new episodes of Dr. Phil ondemand? I’ve seen all of these already. Ty love Agent: Hello, we are in contract with the network and that will determine what is available. I do apologize. ~
Customer: if i would have started a youtube channel years ago Maybe apple would’ve sent over an iphoneX instead of me fighing over zerodown Agent: Hey there! Send us a DM, I will help you out TiannahReagor
Customer: When you get home and realize not only didn’t give you extra chicken....they didn’t give you ANY chicken. Agent: I am sorry about that. Did you let a manager know? Jen
Customer: Thanks, Becky! We were able to go back to Chipotle at 4pm and got our BOOritos. Agent: We appreciate you coming back! Becky
Customer: Phoenix Suns are on auto record. NBA Team Channel 752 trying to record tonight. I only want regular broadcast games recorded like TiVo does. Agent: If you set a recording for a sports team it will try to record it on any available network. Matt
Customer: can you please help me recovering my hard earned money i lost in a cyber crime on . PayPal case ID is PP006234348863 Agent: Hi there! Please send me a DM!
Customer: Alright . I’ve been watching for like 2 days straight... can you switch up the commercials a bit?...... Agent: Sorry! Ads may repeat, especially when watching the same show. Tailor your preferences to mix things up.
Customer: OK it was not a full flight, equipment change had nothing to do with comfort class, no disabilities and a handling agent telling customer care would take care of us So please non of these as an excuse! I’ll retwitter your reply! Thanks Agent: Thanks for your patience.
Customer: Omg thank you so much it was a much needed boorito Agent: we have got your back, my friend. Becky
Customer: The only keyboard I️ have is whatever my iPhone came with. It’s occurring in everything messages, social media, emailing ect. Agent: we would like to take a closer look. Send us a message and we can start there.
Customer: Thank you! Agent: No problem. we are for you.
Customer: . I️t took our driver over 5 minutes to start moving for our ride. We have a flight to catch. If they can’t do the ride then they shouldn’t accept I️t. CustomerService Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here so we can assist.
Customer: It was casted from my mobile. It was a huge problem for a lot of people at the time. Agent: we would be more than happy to assist if there are any ongoing issues, Stephen. We investigated any earlier prior issues on our end.
Customer: Already contacted 34 times in the last month. But all I got was assurance that matter is escalated amp new status will be provided in 1 day! Agent: Please share your details here and I will get back to you.
Customer: I do not want a form to fill out that logs a response no one reads. I want to prevent AMZL from touching my stuff. Possible, or no? Agent: Is there a current order you are having difficulties with? Please let us know, we would like to help!
Customer: . Thanks Joyeetacustomer service for AMAZON service. did not opted for faster delivery still got it when i emailed you its urgent. Agent: we are glad the order was delivered ahead of schedule! we will forward your kind words with the customer service associate.
Customer: No courtesy to revert ? UberMoments uber Agent: It seems a member of our team has reached out to you. Please check your email and follow up with them there.
Customer: Ok! Thanks. I will let you know if it happens again. Thanks for every thing! Agent: you are welcome! If you ever need us again, just give us a... /
Customer: azTechHelp Why does my guest user can´t access to text analysis appy? He is only getting a mail from Azure Active Directory Agent: Could you direct message us with more information on the issue you are eeriencing?
Customer: When chipotle is you’re life How many retweets do I need to get free chipotle for a year?! Agent: Yeah, girl! I dig that costume, and we appreciate you being such a great fan. Becky
Customer: Big Thank You 2 4 guacamole and margs of Thank You while the lounge upgrades are underway nomnom Agent: we are happy when you are happy! That sure does look delicious.
Customer: You’re a bunch of crooks, you don’t care about happy customers, y’all just want money, save me the Agent: Hey Tiffany! I would like to work with you on your issues. Can you shoot us a message for us to have a little chat? ResolutionSup
Customer: why is my order at my local courier for the last 6 days and still hasn’t been delivered to me?? Over 1 week late Agent: I am sorry for the wait. Please reach out to us so we can take a closer look at this delivery
Customer: This is what is happening... Agent: we would like to investigate further with you. Send us a message and we can troubleshoot more from there.
Customer: your Android app complains about connectivity even though other apps are fine. also gets stuck on empty Payments page after ride. Agent: Hey there. Can you message us the phone number associated with your account?
Customer: Is there anything wrong with anyone’s service? No WiFi or cable for me Agent: Hey Krystal, I can look into your account. Can you message me your account info please? Matt
Customer: Can you fix via DM? Agent: For more immediate assistance, we do kindly ask connecting w/us via phone/chat both available here
Customer: the the woman says, were regulated by the government they will not let us help you..She literally just blamed the government Agent: I am sorry to see this and want to see how I can help. I will give you a call at the number you previously sent. kt
Customer: I’m about to with no shame go to after work in my costume because I can’t resist a 3 boorito letsgetphysical Agent: I like it. Tara
Customer: Halloween tradition continues cheaper burrito bowls at and this year, free… Agent: I love it! Solid costumes. Becky
Customer: I HAVE A BIG ISSUE WITH YALL HELLO Agent: Hey there! What seems to be the issue today?
Customer: Insisted on going to the center and taking in the show with audio description for a second time. It was as much fun today as it was yesterday, and I still got tearyeyed, even knowing what was coming Agent: Please let us know if you need any help or have any questions.
Customer: You! Shall! Not! Pass!!... me in line while I wait for my boorito at Agent: Ha! Well played. Becky
Customer: you keep insisting you havnt taken any money from me dispite proof! givememymoneyback Agent: Thanks for reaching out, Gemma! We have responded to your direct message. Please respond to us there!
Customer: is there a min connection time for a transfer at MIA? Got some flights with 52mins to make connection from internal to . Agent: Hi Sean. Domestic to an international flight has a minimum connection of 45 minutes. Personally, I would give it longer if possible.
Customer: It pays to read the fine print. Well done . And thank you! Agent: Just call us ghosts since we like to give out free boos! Bottoms up, Chris! Happy HalloWN!
Customer: Okay, danke für die Info Agent: Wir haben zu danken. Schönen Abend noch.
Customer: We have to say last two days flying with you NonStop has been awesome! Kudos to Everyone! Agent: Thank you so much for traveling with us. Have a great night. Andre
Customer: While we are at iton AppleTV how about swiping up during live TV, the last few channels watched be available there? thanks Agent: We can pass that along! If you swipe up, you should be able to access the Fliptray which is similar
Customer: I saw a Dad dressed up as a lobster amp his 4 yr old dressed as a chef, walking through Walmart tonight. Day made. So funny and cute Agent: Wish we had a picture of that! Too cute for words. Danny
Customer: What’s wrong with my service . Yes, my bill is paid. Agent: Give us a message and I can look into that for you FabbyCeja
Customer: my number is <number> which is registered with M.P. but now I relocated to Pune so please do according Agent: Thank you for the contact details, also share your pincode of pune to assist you further. Regards, Varsha
Customer: el soporte al cliente de es tan buena onda, que dan ánimos de contactarlos sólo para platicar con ellos Agent: Garcias Jäcob Pintle . Nos alegra mucho saber que hacemos bien nuestro trabajo. Tratamos de mejorar cada día más.
Customer: hi my name is Meaghan Shanley and my parents and I have been out of internet since yesterday! Can You guys like speed this process up Agent: Hi Meaghan, I apologize for any inconvenience. Please message ur your street address so I can look into your service issue. Mary
Customer: Beavercreek, OH Zink rd Agent: Thanks so much, and I will dig into this with our Field Leaders right now. Becky
Customer: Or nah Agent: Hi Samuel. We are glad to help you. Let us know the question that you have.
Customer: hi talk me in the PRIVATE massege Agent: Hey there, we have responded to your DM, so please message back whenever you get the chance!
Customer: bout to stress me tf out !! Agent: we are not about that! Send us a message and let us know what is going on. let us turn that frown upside down, Mo! ChanneyT
Customer: need your help guys Agent: Thanks for getting in touch. Send us a message and we will get started helping you out.
Customer: No Agent: Got it. We recommend updating your Watch OS, then testing to see if the issue persists. If the problem continues, reach back out.
Customer: I cannot login because it says your account does not have the correct permission to access Xbox LIVE functionalityi have LIVE Agent: Hi, are you still seeing this message ingame? Official Xbox support is just an away if you need help!
Customer: Come through to chipotle and get your 3 bowl today Agent: I love all of this so much! We appreciate you stopping by, and those costumes are on point. Becky
Customer: tem previsao para liberar a terceira temporada de mrrobot no amazonprimebrasil ? Agent: Olá, H.o! No momento não temos previsão, mas qualquer novidade será anunciada diretamente no nosso site e redes sociais.
Customer: thanks for the boorito. Why don’t your stores have knives? Agent: We should have them available – just ask a cashier. Becky
Customer: I want to get on the 12 December how do I get access through game preview? What is this,do I download an app? Agent: Hello! You can preorder the game here
Customer: hi, just had my shopping delivered and the driver could not find the receipt but said no subs, but I can see some things are missing? Agent: Can you also confirm which items you are missing? Ceri
Customer: Was looking forward to CurlyFries today.... this is what they gave me. YouShouldBeEmbarrassed Agent: We apologize. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: I have been on hold for 98 minutes, what are y’all doing? Agent: Thats 98 minutes too long! what is going on? we are here for you.
Customer: whats going on with your app. its totally stuck here for 1 hour and prior to updating froze and didnt work since updating. Agent: Hi Jeffrey, were you able to update to Lightroom Classic CC? Tanuj
Customer: it’s not fast food when it takes 2 cars 20 minutes to get through the drivethru! Every time! Should be called slow food Agent: We apologize, Carrie. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: I am trying to run a speed test but all it says is Network Communication Error after briefly showing 0.02 Mbps centurylink centurylinksucks Agent: Please let us know if you have any questions, just message us your account number and any questions you may have. Lexie
Customer: Sadly yes Agent: What devices are you using for Amazon Video?
Customer: It’s happening in all my apps. I’m thinking there’s a problem with the keyboard. Agent: Thank you for confirming that. let us discuss this further in .
Customer: Can someone answer a question Agent: We sure can send us a message and we can chat! We are here for you MichaelPhillips
Customer: . loving the karaoke in MSY at gate B9! Janez is great and definitely keeping spirits alive on this late Saturday night! Agent: we are glad we could help with some good ol karaoke! We hope you sing your heart out and we look forward to having you onboard for the ride.
Customer: I have asked for bank account 2 to be my primary. Why on earth would transactions still come out of 1? This is a major flaw Agent: Sorry to hear about this. Please send me a message if you need help.
Customer: mobileCare. My remote suddenly doesn’t work. I changed the batteries with new ones and still not working Agent: I see that you have recently posted about your Comcast remote, message your account so I can look into this amp speak privately. ~
Customer: Up up and away on this rainy day w/my best bud . Coming at you, Chicago! Agent: we are always happy to give you a lift, Katie. Thanks for flying with us and sharing the love.
Customer: If I️ type letter “eye” it does this. I️ Agent: Please message us with the iOS version showing in Settings gt General gt About. we are eager to look into what is going on.
Customer: what’s the use of amazon prime membership if the product reaches me after 2 days of placing the order .. al false promises Agent: delivered after the estimated delivery date mentioned in the order confirmation email?
Customer: everyday getting threatening from operator but now what??? Agent: we understand your concern is addressed. Regards, Prashant
Customer: Looks like this sunset flying into Denver was photobombed by a winglet. windowseat Agent: Looks like that sunset over Denver just photobombed our Winglet. Either way, the results are pretty great! Thanks for sharing, Neil.
Customer: Thanks to the wonderful crews of flights 1732 amp 560 for getting us from Sacramento to KC safe and sound! YouRock Agent: We aim to please, Eric! Your love means the world to us, and we cannot wait to share the skies with you again soon!
Customer: what do y’all do when a customer’s order is messed up but when they try to call twice NOBODY answers? this just happened to me! Agent: We can help. message us.
Customer: how are these both considered large pizzas? Agent: Hi, Chris! Is one Pan crust?
Customer: No Agent: Can we try connecting a computer directly to the modem then pushing the modems reset button to see if that works? Chris
Customer: I have to waste some of my money on now. I thought airtel was good. Agent: Hello , kindly assist with stated issue. Thank you. Osebi.
Customer: What is not happening? Your Home Fibre download speeds have been extremely slow since yesternight. Agent: Hi,DM the account number for follow up.Alternatively call us via 400 for assistance.
Customer: got this threw my door today went to order... sorry we do not deliver to your area! What!!! Why did I get this then! Agent: For more info about UberEats availability click here
Customer: Think I will start using more. drivers canceled on me three times left me waiting for nearly an hour. Agent: We can definitely take a closer look! Contact us here , so we can help.
Customer: do not sports have entire channels dedicated to them? Why is jeopardy being preempted for baseball right now? Agent: I would like to ask are you able to send over a message so I can look into this further?
Customer: when will we have internet? it is been 2 months, and we were told it was happening Mon or Tue. Tue evening and still no tech! Agent: Hello! Will you please message us with your account number so we can better assist you? Wayne
Customer: already did...changed browsers, did all my techie tricks and still cannot make a reservation after 1 hour!! Agent: they will be more than happy to walk you through it and help with the booking process.
Customer: I did Agent: Do you know where your back up battery is located? It may look like this.
Customer: Yo why are there fifteen empty business class seats and only one person that got upgraded? Weak NoTreat? ThenTrickItIs Agent: Please share your record locator via DMs and we can take look.
Customer: K I sent a message but waiting on a response. Agent: I have been advised you will be receiving compensation from our Customer Relations team. Thank you for your patience. ~Angel
Customer: My goodness that was a dark commercial! Now I am sad for a fictional team! Agent: do not worry. We took care of them on their fictional ride home.
Customer: On Skype I can hear people, but they cannot hear me. I have tried different controllers/mic amp uninstalling. Please help? Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. Can you message us your gamertag and details of what you are seeing?
Customer: I understand. The delay was medical. We were patient. No ones fault. Just feel bad that you guys are having to hotel us for the night. Agent: Make the best of things, Kelly. Enjoy your extra night!
Customer: Found the feedback site. Thanks! Agent: Sure thing! Thanks so much for taking the time to share your feedback with us, Joellen. We truly appreciate it.
Customer: Soo how can you help me with this bull shit? Charter CharterSpectrum Spectrum ShitInternet Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. I will be glad to assist you. Can you message me your Name and acct or phone ?
Customer: When you are the only one in costume boorito Agent: it is because you are smart. Tara
Customer: Dang it . The mozz sticks were but my cookie was overcooked and crispy almosttheperfectmunchiemeal Agent: Sorry about that. Which restaurant did you visit?
Customer: Pleasant eeriences with domestic air travel are vanishingly rare. I usually fly but tried —gt it was great. Thank You Agent: We want all your travels to be pleasant with us. Please let us know what we can do to help.
Customer: didn’t give me salad dressing and you ruined my Halloween. Thanks now I have to eat this dry ass salad I am dissapointed Agent: My apologies for any frustration. I am confident we will include it next time. Becky
Customer: you shouldn’t let little things ruin your good day but I’m honestly really sad Taco Bell gave me the wrong order. Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: yes and with lots of stuff missing! I’ve emailed your customer services Agent: Your full name, address, email and a list of the affected items. Kind regards, Helena
Customer: is killing it with motivational pep talk/big game loss commercial. I thought maybe inspiration, but they don’t win Agent: They call us Southbest for a reason! See you onboard soon.
Customer: Not sure. In the back of the plane but heard an announcement about doors closing. Still sitting at the gate past departure time. Finally turned on A/ Agent: Yeah, looks about 3 mins behind schedule. Tara
Customer: Woohoo! I am gonna be first in line. Agent: Yeah, buddy! Send us a pic, for sure. Becky
Customer: what do I wear for this boorito ??? I am too indecisice!!! Halloween2017 Agent: Sad Browns fan, for sure. Becky
Customer: Now with fraud You guyz have started lying as well not even a single call has come from your team poorcustomerservice fraud Agent: Sorry about that Aadil. Please respond to this email and we will check this for you.
Customer: never eerienced anyone yell at me for coming in before closing until today. 3 burrito was not worth that Agent: That should not be happening. Please provide more details here Becky
Customer: is my IphoneX really going to ship between December 511? I preorder right when preordering open at 1201 Agent: Thank you for reaching out. May we ask where you are located? Let us know in .
Customer: please read my message to you on Facebook and call me before I go back to the FCA, the media and your Agent: we are sorry to hear you have had a poor eerience. Please send us a message with your email address and any details of the issue. Thank you.
Customer: what’s up with the letter “i” man? pls fix. i’m annoyed. Agent: you have come to the right place. May we ask when you started to notice the situation?
Customer: Why can’t my brother get access to his Cable amp WiFi on his account when transferring service is supposed to be seamless?! Agent: Hi, I apologize for the troubles during the move. Can you please message us the full address amp phone ? I would like to help.
Customer: I did not get this!! Agent: Hey! Shoot us a message here with more info to check this out. we are here to make sure you GetThanked! ValerieP
Customer: No it doesn’t address. Nothing even included about battery improvement on the SW release notes from what I can see. Agent: We want to make sure your iPhone works the way you eect it to. let us get paired up in message to get started.
Customer: do not promise a 1 day shipping with a GUARANTEED m delivery when you cannot keep it Agent: I am so sorry for the wait! What does tracking information say here
Customer: Why does have such a hard time with live events and ads. Fix your goddamned system or I’m gone. The World Series is painful with you. Agent: Sorry to hear about this! Which device are you on? If you try a quick devicemodem/router reboot, any change?
Customer: hi, when I follow the link, dropbox asks me to log in with my biz account. I want to apply it to my personal account Agent: Hi again, do you have two emails, a work and personal account, and are they linked? Are you able to login to your personal account first?
Customer: solución porfa no puedo acceder a la tienda Agent: we are happy to help, but we are an English Support Channel. If youd like to continue support in English let us know.
Customer: Minimum fare rides lose money. Fix it. Agent: We can definitely take a look! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: So over amp their awful customer service. Locked out of iCloud for 2 weeks amp promised password recovery instructions that never came Agent: The best way to verify your account amp assist with the Apple ID, is to get support at this link
Customer: livetv only had half of danc w/ stars recorded and had commercials which shouldn’t. What’s up? Agent: Since DVR content is recorded from the live feed, there will be ads present How long is the recording?
Customer: I’ll never give up on you I promise baby Agent: We appreciate you being such a loyal fan. Becky
Customer: It only happens when I close WhatsApp, doesn’t happen with any other app. I run iOS11.0.3 Agent: How are you closing the App?
Customer: umm someone is streaming WWII with 500 viewers Agent: It appears this has been removed. Thanks for letting me know
Customer: Wonderful club! American Airlines Admirals Club in San Francisco, Agent: Thanks for the shoutout and for stopping by, Marc! we will pass this on to our SFO Admirals Club managers.
Customer: what are you doing to reduce the use of single use plastic in the product lines you carry? reducewaste Agent: ...products. By 2020, we will make sure that our own packaging has been reduced by half compared to 2005. Reid
Customer: I need help with my Account, It gets disabled every time I try to login and it is getting really frustrating! Agent: It seems a member of our team has reached out to you. Please check your email and follow up with them there.
Customer: “We’re preparing for takeoff so tell them you love them and hang up. Or if you don’t love them just hang up.” my attendant Agent: Thanks for the shout out, Carmen! we will make sure the Crew feels the LUV for a job well done! See you again soon!
Customer: why don’t you have pickles...? Laughing Out Loud Agent: We will share your tweet with our Menu amp Product Development team.
Customer: Thanks for losing my fucking package. I️ want my damn iPhone Agent: We can look into this further for you to see what is going on. Please message us the tracking number.
Customer: My grandmas laying Poolside thanks to delicious New ButtermilkCrispyTenders Agent: do not forget this Sunday is Bring Your Grandma to McDonalds Day. See you then!
Customer: PilotParker was ready for takeoff on !!! iflyalaska… Agent: Looking good Pilot Parker! Kimball
Customer: I am not frustrated, just sad. But thanks for the compassion. Agent: Of course, my friend. Becky
Customer: 4G in Davenport Iowa! Yikes! Good thing I have an phone too! Agent: We would like to look into your coverage for you. Please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you.
Customer: All we want is the driver is to bring me back my phone. He was still nearby when I notified Agent: Hello! Could you please message with the phone number associated with your Lyft account?
Customer: Holy smokes, ! I just had the best KimptonKarma customer support eerience. What a gem! love love love Agent: Wow, Robyn we can tell it must have been something else because of your excitement. This makes us so happy to hear!
Customer: my live tv still isn’t working. I’ve tried all the reset stuff. Nonlive works fine. When will live tv work again? Agent: Oh no! We did have a hiccup earlier on Sunday, but this should now be resolved Still running into this?
Customer: Chelsea, Manhattan, 6th ave Agent: Thanks for this info. I will be sure to forward your feedback to the branch management team.
Customer: after updating to ios 11.1 I have no service, displays no service. reset networking settings does nothing Agent: we would like to see what we can do to assist. message us and we will continue from there.
Customer: oh no. it is start bad again. Updated app. And still watching commercials and rewatching old footage. Agent: Oh no! Which device are you using? If you try a quick reboot of your device, is there any improvement?
Customer: what channel is the Sixers game on if it is Blacked out on NBA tv??? <number> Agent: Try searching the guide using the B button for your local line up.
Customer: I will check that when I get home tonight Agent: Sounds good! we will be standing by to further assist if you need us.
Customer: love how my computer charger just stopped working for literally no reason at all. thanks you’ve really done it for me this time, sweetie Agent: we would like to investigate with you. Send us a message and we can troubleshoot more from there.
Customer: A free first class upgrade on my PHX to SLC flight? that is just what I wanted for an early birthday present. Thanks, ! silver Agent: Cheers to another wonderful year for you! Happy Birthday, Christopher! Enjoy the upgrade!
Customer: I deposited my state issued check today, but saying funds will not be available till the 9th? Are you serious BofA? 10 days? Agent: You can send us a message by clicking the link below. cr
Customer: shows are buffering every 10 seconds. Is storm affecting internet? cannot deal!!! Agent: Hello! Thanks for reaching out to us here, I would be happy to help and check on this for us. Would you be able t...
Customer: Shout out to flight attendants and US Air Marshalls. Way to handle Mr. Mouthy w/o disturbing the other passengers! flight1036 Agent: Safety is always our top priority in these circumstances. We appreciate your patience today!
Customer: howcome less than 24hrs after 3for2 toy sale ends you receive stock of some of the most popular Lego sets,coincidence? Agent: Can you advise the sets you were looking for? Also the store, date and time of your visit? TY Jayne
Customer: Beware of Amazon, de sell old stocks 2015 amp Before on lightining sales 2 liquidate their inventory which r unreturnable Agent: we have responded to your query here
Customer: Excellent Halloweening countcolin halloween food Agent: Love the aesthetic of your Colin the Creeperpillar and someday....
Customer: . ist mal wieder on fire. Agent: Ups, sieht die Seite auch so bei dir aus, wenn du einen anderen Browser verwendest?
Customer: h there, i want to stop precall announcement Agent: we are awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. Pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. Rgds, Idea Care
Customer: I will not be back to this branch! Ayesha Khalid has a horrible representation of customer service ! Wells Fargo Agent: Please tell us more about what happened in a message along with your full name, address, and phone number no account number.
Customer: Congrats on being 1 in your region! Loved my stay in August and had a great view! kimptonlove Agent: Thanks, Meghan we were really excited about that. Glad you were able to make your way out there!
Customer: <number> Agent: May We know when the deduction was made and how much?
Customer: yo I need help with a gift card Agent: Hi there, how may I help?
Customer: Hey ! Any word on when your 532 W. Broadway location in Vancouver will open? cannot wait any more!! YVRfood lunchtime Agent: If all goes to plan, we should be open on Friday! Becky
Customer: Worked Agent: Glad to hear and just reach out again if you need help. Have a good one!
Customer: Hey I was about to start a match in LeagueOfLegends and my modem isn’t working at all. Please help, I’m probably dead! Agent: Good evening! I would really like to help with your Internet services. When you can plz message your phone number and address to chat?
Customer: here is the email. Conflicting answers from others in similar situations online. Agent: Alternately, if youd like us to verify in realtime you can reach us here
Customer: how do I get discounted tickets from Ticketmaster Agent: Hi Jennifer, Thank You for tweeting us. Are you looking for a specific Amex sponsored event? Naomi
Customer: when You gonna fix hq for xbox Agent: Hi there, please send us a message for further assistance.
Customer: Will non season pass holders get the bobus man Carentan at any point? Or not at all? Agent: Unfortunately we do not have any information on this. Please stay tuned for more updates.
Customer: Premiere Pro Agent: Let me check if our eert can suggest something or might be they will follow up from their end. Raj
Customer: Unfortunately, I only have the Ethernet cable I was provided through Cox. Agent: I was referring to your devices and not the cord. You should be able to use the same cord for this test. Chris
Customer: A quick shout out to the crew member at gate 8 w/awesome throwback LUV uni sherocked Agent: They call us Southbest for a reason! Glad our Team could make your flight one to remember.
Customer: Can you look into this further for me please? It was a codeshare with ! Agent: Hi Craig, please can you let us know who was the final operating carrier? Jane
Customer: Yep! Agent: Gotcha. It does look like that some of our retro items up for sale were/are for a limited time.
Customer: Thank you for responding so fast and happy halloween for every one of you Agent: Thank you! Feel free to contact us for assistance in the future.
Customer: In store. I needed it urgently as I have to produce paperwork for a solicitor on Nov 1st. So disappointed. Agent: alternatively if you would like to return the item to your local store, my colleagues will be happy to help Paul
Customer: What The F... THEY JUST HUNG UP ON ME AGAIN!!!! Agent: We want to help you, in order for us to do so, you will need to send us a Direct Message so we can better assist.
Customer: Shout out to for a flight to Midland that lands right at 730 so I won’t miss the WorldSeries Agent: Sounds like a home run, Travis! Glad we could get you where you need to be Safe and sound.
Customer: Happy Halloween Agent: Same to you! And I want that costume. Becky
Customer: Lancaster store! Agent: Thanks! If you message us on the link your Nectar card number I will arrange a refund and ensure this is passed on to our buyers to review. Sam.
Customer: Yes, that is correct. Under the question about a specific reservation option. Agent: Hmmm okay. Thanks so much for following up with us. I will be sure to share this with our Software team.
Customer: TMOBILETUESDAYS VUDU Promo Glitched.. No Movies for me,, Agent: No way, we got your back. Send us a message so we can make sure you get thanked! KittyG
Customer: I understand what happened. Your policies do not allow you to help me when your agent made a mistake. Agent: We take this feedback very seriously and always work to improve. we are a message away if you need anything else! JessicaBrenhaug
Customer: please see message Agent: Hi! I have replied to your DM!
Customer: Well how much does that help me now? Agent: we are sorry for your frustration. Any damage must be assessed in person within 24 hours of arrival by airport personnel.
Customer: Adding new item amp international ship does not use default exclusions problematic! Agent: Strange. we would love to get more information about this. Would you be able to message us some examples so we can forward it?
Customer: WTH !! Totally unprofessional. First,Cancelled the ride without informing me and Second, charging me for that. Agent: We can definitely take a closer look! Contact us here , so we can help.
Customer: trying to find out status of this package 1Z5A619V0399897253 say today but not arrived Agent: This package is out on the truck to be delivered tonight.
Customer: My picture on pretty much every day. Why should I pay 171 per month? Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. I will be glad to assist you. Can you message me your Name and acct or phone ?
Customer: I ordered the Oasis, my order status showed it was to be delivered today and it did not come. Very disappointed. Agent: Oh no, Kathleen! We want to help. Is there an updated delivery date showing here
Customer: 3 for £6, unless one is reduced hidden label on the side! then it’s 3 for £6.14. Don’t care about the 14p but feel ripped off! Agent: store you bought it from, along with your address and More Card number and I will get this sorted for you. Thanks Kirsty
Customer: heres the news article in case you guys need it. If you have any updates in the future, do share. Thanks. Agent: Thanks Sreejit, we would recommend checking on Manage My Booking for any updates. Jane
Customer: The things we do for 3 booritos goMoundridge wildcats Agent: I love this! You all look great. cannot wait to see you soon. Becky
Customer: I get this message when I close the app. When I touch it I get into the app, but getting this when closing the app is annoying. Agent: Is this coming up with any other apps when doing the same thing? Which iOS version is in Settings gt General gt About?
Customer: can you fix the guide data for channel 506 WBINTV. The correct info is listed on channel 466 still which is no longer available Agent: The Guide actually runs through the router not the cable box.
Customer: Is the only 2015 option actually 2015.3? It would not open my project which was created in .3 . Agent: we are looping in an eert who can help you out here. They will reply as soon as they are available. Raj
Customer: my £180 Ring doorbell is constantly down. Seems now that every Ring doorbell and camera on earth is down. Refund required. Agent: Hi Bernio, Was this purchased in store or home delivered? Daniel
Customer: I’m sorry, what? It’s going to COST me 50 to transfer 4,000 AA Advantage points to my spouse? this is ridiculous!! Agent: This is a great option for customers who want to share miles and it is cheaper than having to purchase them.
Customer: I was on hold with for 44 minutes just for them to tell me it was going to be an hour and 30 minute wait. What The F... Agent: we are sorry for the wait time! Please message us your contact info and store address. thanks!
Customer: I cannot message you because you are not following me. I am getting ready to go to a Halloween party so this may get delayed. TY for your tweet! Agent: You can send us a message from here. Whenever you have time, Linda.
Customer: That said, best eort settings for FB vid would be fab? Ive not had probs previously ... Agent: Are you using any Adobe Product? Please confirm. Raj
Customer: Shout! be in India soon .. Agent: We hear you. Rest assured, your feedback will be passed on to the right folks /
Customer: just realized chipotle charged me 21 bucks while wearing a costume Agent: That should not be happening. Please provide more details so we can help Becky
Customer: my ubereats promo code is not working for others Agent: Here to help! Send us a message with your email address with more info so we can assist.
Customer: 今までコンビニで支払いが出きるという支払い方法でAmazonさんにお世話になっていたんですけど、選択画面にその支払い方法が表示されなくて、色々いじってみたんですけどどうにも……！ Agent: 一部の商品では、コンビニ・ATM・ネットバンキング・電子マネー払いが選択できない場合がございます。詳細は、下記ご参照ください。 なお、クレジットカード以外でのお支払いをご希望の場合は、Amazonギフト券のご利用をご検討くださいませ。
Customer: i mailed amazonuk so many time. but i havent got any progress.customer care just saying thats in the billing section.no i havent got refund Agent: Have you had a chance to speak with your bank regarding the refund?
Customer: Joc Pederson rounded those bases like I round the line to the counter at WorldSeries Agent: As long as you are declared safe, that is what matters. Becky
Customer: <number>. i want refund amount 1399/ amazon seller was lying. amazon custamare care side also. Agent: Please do not provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. Our page is visible to the public.
Customer: the recipient does not pick phone calls or reply text messages Agent: It then becomes a police case, report for follow up.
Customer: Url for the VM on Azure Portal? Agent: The URL or the forum post we advised you to create.
Customer: what is happening with my phone??? I️ wrote “I️ got” and that happened Agent: We can look into this issue together. Send us a message and let us begin.
Customer: Trying to do my presentation and my whole entire house has no internet ...wonderful just wonderful get it together Agent: What color are the lights on the router?
Customer: Sonys password management is atrocious. I have updated my password twice now and both times it tells me it is wrong. Help? Agent: Sorry to read that you are eeriencing issues changing the password. Please check your DMs for assistance.
Customer: I have filled the form but I do not eect anything concrete to happen besides paying lipservice. No one comes back to say why this happens Agent: Thank you for confirming, we are looking into it and will get back to you soon with an update.
Customer: Will I get the iPhone X this Friday?! Hope the gods bless me! Agent: Hey Javi! Did you already place your order? Send us a message and we can check the shipping info for you KittyG
Customer: 3 minute D.Va costume for 3 ritos at Agent: Well played, my friends. Becky
Customer: whats the story with broken pro clubs? Agent: Thanks for reaching out! Could you let us know what is specifically is going on so we might be able to help?
Customer: hopeless. Waiting for someone to respond on my request, more than 30 hrs Agent: Hi, Biplab. A member of our team has been in touch via inapp support regarding this issue. Please check the Help section of the app and reply there directly.
Customer: You guys just gave my phone number away after I called in a put on a security alert. Someone needs to help me immediately. Agent: Oh my! Send me a message so we can go over this happening. MikeVance
Customer: Dressing up today to get a 3 burrito from was one of the best decisions I have made in a while. I love Agent: I have faith you will keep making those great decisions, my friend. What was your costume? Becky
Customer: Any word from your team? Agent: I did follow up with our team, and hopefully your next visit is stellar. Have you visited again? Jen
Customer: are a joke mate. Honestly trying to charge me £30 for a taxi to Mint when 10 mins ago it was £8? Sly bastards Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here and our team will be able to assist!
Customer: Hey how come none of the TMobileTuesday deals are working?? Agent: Having issues to GetThanked, Laurel? message us, we will make sure you can take advantage of all the goodies. JoanO
Customer: Have filed report with kuwait airlines, their file ref kwiku14346 hope this helps Agent: booking reference, email address and contact telephone number. Please also use this link to check online . Oli
Customer: please, how do I unsubscribe for data? ✌ Agent: Please visit for data plan list.
Customer: Thanks for your help I have actually decided to use Azure Blob Storage instead, so I do not have to set up a service principal as a nonadmin Agent: Excellent! Let us know if you run into any trouble. we are here to help!
Customer: ! Fix yo damn algorithms! This can’t be right... Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: You dropped an update and I️ still see boxed question marks. Fix this shit . Agent: we are here to help. Which version of iOS is installed on your device? you will see this in Settings gt General gt About.
Customer: Received an email for 4 off in NY Is this valid to all five Boroughs. Extremely unfriendly help menu was not able to email Uber Agent: Hi there! Please reach out to and fill out the 4 boxes at the bottom so we can get in touch.
Customer: Yeah I sent you a message too. Had an email saying when it had been dispatched but nothing since. Agent: we are unable to view any account information via Twitter. what is the current tracking shown here
Customer: My Touch ID failed when I restarted my phone. Now it’s not working at all Agent: Did you receive an error message, or were you just prompted to enter in the passcode for your iOS device after the restart?
Customer: My future kids better trick or treat for candy and Agent: I have confidence you will raise em right. Becky
Customer: not a happy pregnant commuter 0503 train from Carmarthen to Manchester Piccadilly cancelled but due to issue ongoing for 2days! Agent: Hi Nadelle. The 0505 service is a train. Lewis
Customer: I am having issues with my DVR. I didn’t record any of my shows tonight Agent: Good evening. If you would please message your account or phone number, I will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: You thought I was joking HappyHalloween2017 3dollarboorito discount Agent: Well played, my friend. Becky
Customer: Autoposted and reposted responses? Not nice! THIS HAS BEEN A LONG TIME. What are you doing to do, ? Agent: we are all individual reps here on TForce ready to get a message from you so we can work together on things! ErikaHoleman
Customer: Did I get a call? No. Being a Prime member means paying someone to treat you like shit. Twice! Agent: We cannot access your account via Twitter. Without providing personal info, will you please tell us what is going on?
Customer: Everything is appropriately updated and there is no camera. My 1 Orisa NA dreams are dying. Agent: Please follow us via Twitter and let us know so we can send you a message with further instructions. Thanks!
Customer: I would love to know why every single night my internet goes out at 1215am 250DollarsAMonthWasted Agent: I am sorry you are having issues with your internet. You can find helpful troubleshooting tips here ...
Customer: Are you no longer flying direct to Cancun Mexico ? Agent: Hey Sandra, we still operate yes. When were you looking at flying?
Customer: s wifi makes Amtraks wifi look pro. At least theirs is free. has decent wifi reasonable prices. Why not AA? Agent: We never want your eerience to be anything less than perfect. we are sorry the WiFi was slower than eected.
Customer: I used my 1 jump to get the iPhone x. If for some reason I do not like It, what is the return? Agent: Hey! I am so Xcited about the iPhone X. Meet me in the message so we can get on that! JoySimmons
Customer: Hey I know how you can make that 24 hr delay up to me... game7 tix??? Agent: we are sorry for your delay. We can take a closer look at the situation, please message your record locator.
Customer: Yo guys, somehow my profile does not have my name. I am showing up as null. How do I fix this? Agent: Hi there! Please message us with your phone number so we can further assist you.
Customer: Y?My kid got a bowl but said no to husbands costume as Steve They messed up the order neway and werent very nice. I miss my patch. We love ppl Agent: we would like more details than 140 characters can provide, and we want to follow up. Becky
Customer: can i predownload ww2 as i just preordered it on the store Agent: Hi there! Please check the info in the link to preload the content
Customer: I’m now half way up the plane when I was originally in row 4! What’s the point of silver perks when you take them away! Agent: we are sorry for the disappointment caused in not getting your requested seat Clare. Unfortunately, seating is never guaranteed as this
Customer: super frustrating trying to send a pano but sending photo works just fine?? Am I doing something wrong? iOS11 Agent: you have come to the right place. we are eager to help. Is this happening with SMS noniPhone contacts as well?
Customer: Check out these tiny trickortreaters all dressed up in our NICU. Hey ! We have your youngest pilot in training! Halloween Agent: Pilots, Potter, Pumpkins and Skeletons...oh my! they are all adorable.
Customer: hi why does Dropbox take up so much space on my phone? I thought the point was to not have to store files locally Agent: ...info. Thanks!
Customer: yeah I know Im the bloke that did it what is your point Agent: Hey there! If you are needing assistance at all, please send us a message and let us know what is going on ChanneyT
Customer: The pick up has been arranged 5 times now and cancelled at the last moment without citing any reason! Agent: I would like to take a closer look into it. Please fill in this form and I will revert shortly.
Customer: It will not let me do that so do I need to call or is there a trick around the web for iy denying me to reuse it Agent: This is not something we have a work around for. You may need to use an alternate address and update it later.
Customer: It’s on the mobile app Agent: Alright. Can you send us the Song Link then? Just tap the three dots gt Share gt Copy Link. we will have a look /
Customer: do not buy gift cards!!!! it is a scam!!! You use your GC then it never shows in your account and charges your CC! uberscam Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here so we can further assist.
Customer: Another delivery late again. nodinner tonight Agent: Sorry Joe, did you receive your order? Ceri
Customer: why does I️ keep showing up as symbols? Agent: we would like to see what we can do to assist. What iOS version are you running?
Customer: Having a terrible time getting to move charges to a correct credit card. 10 emails deep and have to keep elaining. Help! Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
Customer: Ok. He just sent You message w info. Pls help them out and guarantee seats together. Poor form to do that over a 10min change in departure Agent: Thanks! we will see what we can do to help.
Customer: why are some episodes in the series showing as unavailable??? Agent: we would like to look into this for you. Could you please let us know the name of the series and the episodes which shows as unavailable ?
Customer: Fingers crossed that this tomorrow goes smooth... first time toddler flier Agent: Smooth sailing is what we always aim for, Alissa. We look forward to welcoming you and your precious cargo onboard!
Customer: また 詐欺 からショートメール来たよ。今度はアマゾンサポートセンター <number> Agent: 失礼いたします。ご存知かと存じますが、当サイトからSMSでメールをお送りすることはございません。アマゾンの名をかたるフィッシング行為が増えているようです。どうぞお気を付けくださいませ。
Customer: . what happened to the rest of the chocolate on my corn cakes?? Agent: Hi there, sorry about this. Could you send me a pic of the barcode please? Which store did you buy this from? Robbie
Customer: Hey ! Last time I downloaded an update my freaking phone gave me hell. Any recommendations? Agent: we are here to help. Meet us in message and we can check on available options.
Customer: Thank you! I will be back to you tomorrow. Agent: you are welcome, Linda. We look forward to your DM!
Customer: If I uninstall and reinstall the game on my Xbox one, will my account progress still be there? Agent: If you need help with this game on Xbox One, we would be happy to help! Tweet us for official Xbox support
Customer: So, just opened my guitar case to do a cover for you guys after getting home last night and my guitar is broken... wtf. Agent: we are truly sorry to hear that, Hunter. Did you file a report with our Baggage Agents yet?
Customer: sick of having to reboots big out x1 box Agent: Hello, I can further look into these X1 reboots for you. Can you please message me the full name and address on the account?
Customer: Hi I do not understand how I am suppose to generate my bill for the rides I have got. Agent: Happy to help! Find out more info about trip earnings here
Customer: When I am told my pizza will be ready in ten minutes after I arrive, and twenty minutes later I’m told I never ordered one? Agent: we are sorry your order is late, Heather! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thank you!
Customer: Through the console. There’s no error. I just don’t have a better option to change cover like I do with profile picture through the app. Agent: Please try using the app and let us know the outcome.
Customer: Fuck and every disgusting fucker who works there fuck you!!!! Agent: Can you give us a call at <number> amp let us know what happened?
Customer: still problems with World Series! So much for the fix Agent: Oh no! What sort of issues are you running into and what device. We have it on here inhouse and have not noticed anything odd.
Customer: Why is everyone that works for literally the worst driver on the road at any given time Agent: Here to help! Please message us your email address and provide more details about your concern, so we can further assist.
Customer: No, it is literally unobtainable. Agent: Not sure we follow. Could you follow us back amp message your GamerTag when you get a chance?
Customer: has ONE job...so why is my daughters bday gift lost? Despite bar code, no one knows where it is. GREAT job. ONLY from now on. Agent: I am really sorry to hear that. Please message your tracking so we can look into that for you.
Customer: Haha has been sneakily charging me 9.99 SINCE FEBRUARY for a service I never use 90 gone!!! Thanks Agent: Oh no! we would like to review these charges and available options with you. Please reach us here
Customer: iOS 11.1 Agent: Are all of your apps updated as well?
Customer: Ios 11.1 software update needs to be fixed Agent: let us continue within message here
Customer: I used UPS My Choice to hold two packages that were going to arrive on Friday until Monday. they are still not here. where did they go? Agent: We can look in to this for you. Please message us your tracking number, phone number, and full address.
Customer: I’ve run the test across multiple platforms. I have a technician coming out to resolve the issue as the packet loss is incredibly high Agent: Do you have any trace routes showing the packet loss? Chris
Customer: The first two weeks of June 2018. Agent: At that time we have weekly flights on Tues 5 amp 12 June
Customer: Dont solution nothing follow same Agent: Would you mind sending a picture of your network Your sex and age SettingsgtNetworkgtNetwork Settingsgtetailed Network Statistics
Customer: アマゾンで注文した小説、ご注文は後、1週間以内にお届けという表記だったけど、二回も配達日が延期になりもう1か月になるのに届かない。 アマゾンで注文したプンタブ、ご注文受けて3日で発送という表記なのにコンビニ払いを済ませたとたん、配送予定日が50日後に変更の連絡。詐欺かな？ Agent: ご心配をおかけしております。Amazonです。 Twitter上ではご注文の詳細を確認させていただくことができませんので、確認ご希望の場合には、下記URLよりカスタマーサービスにご連絡ください。
Customer: Not really! Tech coming on Wednesday Agent: If you should need any other help once that appointment is completed, feel free to reach out to us. We certainly ...
Customer: Just got ghosted by Chipotle Went in at 3pm and was told we had to wait another hour for BOOritos! UnBOOlievable. Agent: that is definitely unBOOlievable. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: Hey I’m currently in a car with the worlds dumbest driver. Y’all need to start checking these fools Agent: Here to help! Send us a note via so our team can connect.
Customer: Went to tonight, drove all the way home, amp they forgot my cheesy roll up. Disappointed to say the least. Agent: that is not okay. message us.
Customer: Cable has been out since monday with a promise of restored service every 8 hours. comcast you suck Agent: I see that you have recently posted about your Comcast services, message your account so I can look into this amp speak privately. ~
Customer: you having a party without me? Agent: Hey Tom! Not to worry, we are more than happy to bring the party to your place. Would you mind sending this invite out to everyone you know? /
Customer: Wasn’t told I had to when speaking to BA, conveniently forgot to tell me that very important fact Agent: Hi Chris, when you were speaking to someone about this did they give you any reference number? Jane
Customer: any idea when you will have our website fixed? This is embarrassing on so many levels Agent: I am sorry your site is down. Which site is this? I will have a look. Heather
Customer: saya nak tukar flight sbb reschedule. booking YIU8NM Agent: Hi Ijan Yes sure, we has respond you via DM, see you there!Anwar
Customer: I just love the start of email Agent: I am sorry for the trouble with this email. Please message me and I will be happy to help you further.
Customer: Bummer, might have to watch my back on Nov. 13 too for Sadie Hawkins day on the airline of LUV. funnyholidays Agent: I cannot make any promises, but if you ask nicely maybe a Flight Attendant will put your drink on our tab!
Customer: why is there literally one person working and like 6 people just standing around.... Agent: That should not be happening. Which location are you at? I would like to follow up. Becky
Customer: my OTG adapter does not work on ilus ios 11.1 Agent: Thanks for reaching out! Please message your information so we can help with a solution.
Customer: how will iphone x recognize me with face id if I am wearing my du rag? Agent: Great Question! You can read more about changing your appearance with Face ID here
Customer: Why am I still receiving a bill for oct when I disconnected by account on sept 20th? pls advise amp reverse the charges. Agent: Does this bill say Final Bill?
Customer: 3 different people have given 3 different answers and I still do not have my order. Says delivered Saturday, was not, I was home all day Agent: we would like to take a further look into this with you! Please reach us by phone or chat here
Customer: It isn’t every day you get 3 carts full of blankets and you become friends with the cashier! Kindnessmatters litkids Agent: We love it! Sounds like a double win! New friend✔ Cozy blankets ✔. Thanks for choosing us. Sabi
Customer: Bs ass 500 limit on my card What The F... Wells Fargo Agent: Have you called <number> to discuss this with a banker? There may be options available.
Customer: My friend ordered from you tonight. Not sure what is worse..like 17 for a 10inch pizza or burnt desserts. Ugh. Agent: we are sorry this happened! Can you have your friend message us or call our customer team? Thanks! <number> Thank you, Alexa!
Customer: After trying for 4 hours, I was told I would get a call back in the morning because the departments have now all left Agent: Do you happen to have a confirmation email regarding your order?
Customer: Amazon梱包雑になったぞおおおおおお！？！？ Agent: ご不快の念をお掛けしております。Amazonでは今後のサービス改善のため、梱包についてのご意見を承っております。よろしければ、リンクのヘルプページをご参照の上、ご意見をお送りください。
Customer: good night, I can not change the phone number of my account Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: do you have to wear a costume for the 3 burro? Agent: Yup! But the costume does not have to be elaborate. Becky
Customer: do you need a active game pass in order to receive the mystery gift from the giveaway? Agent: You would need to have an active Game Pass subscription during the promo period to qualify
Customer: Laughing Out Loud who actually dresses up on Halloween? Uh, how about the smart people who want their 3 burrito from ? Agent: The smartest people, really. Becky
Customer: Bozeman, Montana Agent: Thanks, Josh. we are on it.
Customer: trying to play der eisendrache while its free but am getting this whenever i try to play. please help Agent: Good afternoon, you can only play the free map in the public match playlist.
Customer: Yo tenia un adeudo en mi cuenta y ya lo pague, estoy conciente que son 24 horas pero en ps4 dice que esta bloqueada mi cuenta Agent: Hola. Por favor siguenos a traves de Twitter para poder enviarte un mensaje privado con instrucciones.
Customer: why do You ask people to select a suitable time slot when ur logistics guys do not show up or bother to call for pickup? Agent: we would like to have a look into this. Kindly report it here and our team will revert shortly.
Customer: Terrible delivery service even worse paying extra for a time slot 3hourslate Agent: I am sorry to hear this. Please could you send a message with your order number so I can look into this for you? Paul
Customer: The 22.12 train from Clapham Junction to Surbiton left early. The only train to be early in weeks. Just as annoying. Agent: Hi Simon, I am sorry to hear this. As far as I can see this service to schedule.
Customer: No but after speaking with your staff I cannot see staying Agent: Sorry to hear there were issues. Anything we can do to change your mind?
Customer: Thank you Agent: Anytime!
Customer: Plugged into ethernet, but download is 40 Mbps. Agent: Thanks for checking! If these do not help, we would love to further assist here
Customer: On live tv DVR, ~63 minutes. At Hulu online 85 via browser w/ no ads. This is first week with DVR ads and they are noskip ads. Agent: Gotcha! we would like to gather a few additional details regarding this. When you have a chance, reach out
Customer: amazon just doesn’t seem to get it together, poor customer service, warranty is a scam Agent: Sorry to hear you are having issues with your Fire tablet. Seems to be a bit of an issue with the link above. Please provide info here so we can look into this for you.
Customer: dear idea..There is still no one contacted me.. waiting for response Agent: Sorry, We understand the wait has been long. Please give us some more time.Our team will get in touch with you. Rgds, Shweta
Customer: FIX YOUR APP. IM HUNGRY. Agent: it is turned off tonight for our Boorito promo, but it will be upandrunning again tomorrow. Becky
Customer: that is not my apartment!!!!!!! This is the sending time!!!! Where is my package!!!!!!!!!! Agent: Also, for your security, I would recommend deleting the image, as it contains your tracking number.
Customer: how you feel about your customer service supervisors hanging up on a customer telling them to take their business elsewhere Agent: We always want to provide the best possible eerience for you. Please message us. MikeRice
Customer: I have now tried a different computer on a different network with a different browser Edge amp still cannot push play. Agent: Hmm, that is odd. Could you message us your accounts email address? we will take a look under the hood /
Customer: help website crashed and don’t know if flights booked or not. Can’t get thru on phone! Agent: Hi Helen, we can check if your booking has gone through. message us your flight details, email and contact number. Helen
Customer: why is my cable out in the donelson/ hermitage area of Nashville Agent: Hello. I can help with your service issues. Please send a message with your full name, address and phone number.
Customer: So now I can’t type “it” without I.T being a problem has to get I.T together Agent: we are here for you! Let us know which device you are using and the iOS version installed, in DM, and we will get started.
Customer: Finally free of the chains here I come cricket Agent: We do not want things to come to that point, please message if there is anything we can help with. JohnWard
Customer: I don’t know my account number and I just called Comcast and they said an agent couldn’t help me. Agent: I can use the name on account, phone number and full address.
Customer: I’ve tried all the suggestions and still gives me the error code Agent: We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: . will Echo help in playing Antakshari or if we could play same with her? pp Agent: You can ask Alexa, and it would play the song for you
Customer: It’s showing it’s connected and the battery is decreasing. Agent: We are here for you. let us take a look at this further for you. Reach out to us in .
Customer: I requested for flight change for booking number ILFH6G. Last update by message said this is submitted but No confirmation yet Agent: Hi There, we has respond you by DM, see you there! Anwar
Customer: halo skrg kok udh gak ada pilihan bayar pakai pulsa ya untuk berlangganannya? Agent: Hey! We can help out in English via Twitter, but we also have Indonesian support via email at /
Customer: Why do I need a sim card when I’m joined to the WiFi? I’m only using this phone to test websites. Agent: you will need to insert a SIM and activate the iPhone, once that is done you can remove the SIM and use the iPhone on WiFi.
Customer: S/o To Chipotle For The 3 And Change Deal Today It Came In Clutch Agent: Glad we could be there for you! Jen
Customer: Help We are dropping places due to boosters. Please can you rectify the leaderboards. Many thanks Agent: Hi! Please be sure to report all cheaters via the InGame report feature.
Customer: my brothers ps4 keeps getting this error and message. What did he do wrong? Agent: Glad to help. Please check your DMs for further instructions.
Customer: There is no issue Agent: Thank you for the update. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do to assist you. We are always a message away.
Customer: Just a shout out to .. it may have taken a bit, but I gotta say some rather helpful employees did in fact make a difference for me today. Ty! Agent: I am glad to hear that and we are here for assistance in the future! ~
Customer: Yes Agent: In that case. there are no restrictions on an super off peak ticket for tomorrow.
Customer: Nope. They weren’t ready to listen what I wanted to say and if I had any questions about anything else and hung up on me. Agent: I am so sorry to hear that. Which U.S. based card do you have? Pls do not share any personal info.
Customer: can we connect echo dot to videocon smart tv? If yes, how? Agent: you will not be able to connect the Echo to your smart TV.
Customer: Finally found my companion, Amy Pond! Time to go get some Booritos at Delran,… Agent: that is a good looking duo right there! See you soon, my friends. Becky
Customer: Amazonから明日配達予定だったHDDが届いたんだけど、箱の中のクッション意味あるの？ 何の役にもたってないんだけど。 品物が衝撃に弱い精密機器ってわかって梱包してんの？ 配達の軽トラの荷台で何時間も衝撃にさらされたHDDですか。 Agent: ご不快の念をお掛けし申し訳ございません。Amazonでは今後のサービス改善のため、梱包についてのご意見を承っておりますので、もしよろしければ、リンクのヘルプページご参照の上、ご意見をお送りください。
Customer: is this what you call a large....fail. Agent: We apologize. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: they said they put chips in the bag, I get home to eat my guacamole and chips and no chips Agent: that is frustrating – I am sorry. Please let a manager know about this next time you are in so we can make amends. Becky
Customer: Im sorry, but it has been 40 days, and the service in Puerto Rico is worst thsn ever. I cannot even communicate with my family well. Agent: We do anything possible to resolve it. Sprint customers can activate the Roaming feature, Sprint will cover the charges.
Customer: how do I unhide hidden games? Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. Have you tried reinstalling from the store or disc?
Customer: With Wonders will never cease! Now, with respect to my DELIVERED item, i have received the following sms ...1/n Agent: Please do not provide your order details, we consider it to be personal information. Our page is visible to the public.2/2SY
Customer: Hi everyone I cannot join to playstation network after 3 day Agent: Hello there, Sorry to hear about the inconveniences, Are you getting an error message or an error code?
Customer: How to meal prep on Halloween Chipotle Style Agent: Whoa! that is a lot of Chipotle. Nicely done. Becky
Customer: Thanks, Becky. I submitted a request. Agent: Thanks so much, and you should hear back from us soon. Becky
Customer: When I did what it asked me to do as for test the multiplayer it came up stating it can’t complete he tests. Agent: let us try looking at the guide from this point, it walks through some important router steps.
Customer: is the deal for 17/mo iPhone X with eligible trade in still available? Agent: I would love to look into your options and get this taken care of . message me NevinBruce
Customer: Dressed up as packers quarterbacks for 3 burritos ! Agent: Go Pack go! Nicely done. Becky
Customer: Lightroom fucking me over but at least I tried Agent: Hi, we’re sorry about this can you let us know more about what’s happening? We’re here to help! Madison
Customer: is hulu down right now 1133 est? Agent: Sorry for the delay! No known outages at that timestill running into this? If so, please try a quick devicemodem reboot.
Customer: Really I cannot even send or receive email via WiFi services??? This is insane. I demand my back for past 3 months Agent: Refunds would have to be handled by the team. we are again very sorry for this eerience.
Customer: It looks as though someone has changed the email address linked to my acct amp I can no longer log in. Help! Agent: we are here to help! Please, reach us phone or email so we can investigate
Customer: sent a message Agent: Your line has been worked on. Please restart your device and revert to current status. All inconveniences regretted. Thank you. Osebi.
Customer: , I would like to leave positive feedback but it is too many characters so I have attached a picture of my feedback!! Agent: Hi Angela! I am glad to hear you eerienced a high level of service! Thanks for your feedback, it is much appreciated. Regards ~ Dean
Customer: So my driver started the ride without me in the car today. When I called him, he said it just did that 1/n Agent: Our team is reviewing your email now and will be in touch. We appreciate your patience!
Customer: This just in Marketing Cloud is so difficult to use, i want to flip tables. Nothing is intuitive. NOTHING. Agent: HI Amanda, thank you for this feedback.
Customer: Anon is fine for this one, thanks. Agent: Hi there, to enable me to record your feedback. Can you confirm you are referring to Oxford, Cowley Road, OX4 1UT Metro store? TY Joanne
Customer: diane245. Com eect reply asap, wheres my 55.98 refund. Been going on since . Put back on debitcard ending5048 Agent: Hello. We followed up to your tweet here We recommend deleting this tweet for security purposes.
Customer: I need to change email in my booking. Need to add luggage to travel... Helpz Agent: Hi there, we have replied via DM. Kindly check your inbox. ThanksSha
Customer: onetime password for Interac eTrasfers down again the last day of the month Agent: Pls give our online eerts a shout gt <number> so we can take a look at what is happening for you
Customer: Why is it easier to get in a Twitter spat with the president than it is to actually speak with one of your tech support reps? Agent: Would you mind providing more details about the issue? we would certainly follow up. Raj
Customer: . this has been my inflight studio eerience today. Nothing works except Twitter toobadforyouandme Agent: Oh, no! Please speak to a member of the flt crew for immediate assistance.
Customer: . everyone cannot stream. cannot play games without ping shooting to 300. cannot even watch netflix. Guess I might as well just call it a night. Agent: Hello, I am happy to look into this. Can you message your account name and full address.
Customer: Gosh what a shitty visit! Definitely irritated me today! Agent: We want to talk. message us.
Customer: <number> Agent: We apologize ,Kindly Dial <number> to unlock the bonus .Thank you.
Customer: yes i did,but amazonuk is not doing the refund process.if they do it .i will get the money Agent: I would like someone from our team to take a look into this for you, Sanu. Please reach out here
Customer: I have been without internet for two days and y’all gonna tell me to wait til tomorrow Agent: Are you back home now? If so, we would be glad to troubleshoot. Feel free to return to our chat.
Customer: Hey are you helping passengers stranded by Turkeys visa ban on Americans? Kid off at university is heartbroken. Agent: It would also be helpful if you could message us your booking reference, full address and phone number. DaniH
Customer: waste of time you know that and so do ️ Agent: The offer to help is always open if you change your mind. Just let us know!
Customer: Any idea why icons show up like this? I did force reset to no avail. After initial notification display, they show up. Agent: we are here for you. message us, and we will look into this together.
Customer: Apple Agent: Got it. Please try out If there is no improvement, please call us/chat us
Customer: thank You Agent: You are welcome. .
Customer: Hi and thanks. Think I just figured this out. Would it be you’re not running the MEXMID flight so I need to check in via AeroMexico? Agent: Yes, AeroMexico operates that flight so you may checkin with them.
Customer: 11.1?? when did that come out lol, i talked to you guys last night and you asked if i was updated to 11.0.3 which i am Laughing Out Loud Agent: It was released earlier today. let us use these steps to update iOS
Customer: Order <number>. Ordered my pizza and hour ago, on the tracker it says delivered. did not get anything. Can I get a refund? Agent: we are sorry your order is late! Can you message us your contact info? Thanks!
Customer: If I message y’all, I guarantee y’all going to say the same thing and no I don’t want no other phone and no other Agent: We hear your painpoints! We definitely want to get you the phone you want. message us and I can help you out right away! BrendanLee
Customer: Can you stop hijacking my browser with the AUPM notice please? I was aware of the overage the 100th time you did that Agent: Hello please message your account details and I will look into this for you. ~
Customer: From tech rep HP will not regionalize my current, working printer, wants me to buy a new one. What? Bad business. Lost this military customer Agent: Hello, I have responded via private message. Thanks! Clayton
Customer: My backup was stored to my MacBook Pro which battery died 2 months ago. Agent: let us take a look at this together in .
Customer: Hey can you message me? Huge issue trying to get my order today. Agent: Hi there! message us pleasewe cannot send them out on our end.
Customer: Got it just now about 4 hours after it was supposedly delivered. As I said, unpredictable and nontrustworthy delivery process Agent: Thanks for keeping us posted. I will be sure to share your comments on this as feedback with the team internally.
Customer: What The F... just happened. how do i complain abott a driver who canceled on me due to discriminatory and racist judgements.uber Agent: We take this very seriously. Please send us a message with your email address so we can connect ASAP.
Customer: I lose faith in humanity on days like this. My friend sends me a from after a crappy week and I come home and it’s been stolen. Agent: I am so sorry! we would like to look into our available options. Please reach us here
Customer: Many times..Always got them saying well deliver it by deadline...I hate your service now Agent: Sorry about the delay with the order. Please share your details here and we will check this.
Customer: you haven’t “reached out”. Please refund the cost of the inedible food without delay Agent: we have folllwed up via .
Customer: dam I was in the middle of a game and my internet goes out come on what the hell Agent: Good morning Kevin. If you would please message your account or phone number for me, I will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: Hey how did you manage to get the nicest guy in drive thru? Grant is so nice, so happy... awesome job!!! Agent: Happy to hear that, Alison!
Customer: I asked for cool ranch tacos and they gave me nacho cheese tacos Agent: Oh no. Where did this happen?
Customer: no internet in Manhattan Beach, any info? Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. I will be glad to assist you. Can you message me your Name and acct or phone ?
Customer: do you know how hard it is to play Xbox with a broken RB Xbone itsbroken Agent: If you need help with your Xbox controller, we would be happy to help! Tweet us any time for official Xbox support
Customer: I seriously love flying ! Couldn’t get a preassigned seat so I called an elained my flight anxiety and they upgraded me for free! Agent: So happy that we could help make your trip comfortable, Stephanie!
Customer: Bit of a piss take really now was promised it by 9pm today. Agent: Oh no! let us talk about this in real time. Please call or chat with us here
Customer: Its working again Agent: Oh good! Happy to hear that, Jenessa. We hope to see you onboard soon!
Customer: I trying to download Qurare Magic Library bit its saying page not found. Agent: Hi there,Glad to assist! Sorry to hear that, Are you using a PS4 or a PS3? Let us know more details!
Customer: Done. Thanks Agent: We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: Thanks for the Halloween treat today on my flight to Denver! Agent: it is even orange! Cheers, Karen.
Customer: is it possible for me to delete my own psn or change the location and currency? Please reply Agent: Hi there. You can create a new account but take in count that the content cannot be transferred from one account to another.
Customer: everytime I try to purachase something my account will get blocked.. worst service ever. sorry to tell that. Agent: I am so sorry for the account trouble! Have you received an email regarding this issue? If so, please reply to it for more info.
Customer: Also this question mark bullshit is dumb. Fix it ! Agent: let us look into this. Send us a message with your current iOS version to get started.
Customer: is absolute trash. I’m so tired of them harassing my parents for money but never taking it. their bill is up to 800. FRICKIN Agent: review their account. We want to help in any way we can. 2 Mary
Customer: Thought I made it elicit. Paid twice for my trip . Dude took off with my cash . No more cash tips . Your drivers lose Agent: To best address your concern, please visit and Sign in to get help to send us a note.
Customer: I am using an Amazon fire box. Agent: Got it! Did the previous steps recommended make any impact? If not, give these an attempt for us
Customer: Thanks to for letting us bag pack today. £310 towards our boat fund. Well done to scouts cubs and beavers for their efforts. iScout Agent: Hi there, that is great well done!! Please let me know which store this was and I will pass on your feedback Kirsty
Customer: My Xbox just started spinning it is disc I do not have any it is all digital an now it is running but not on....is it haunted? Agent: Are you still encountering this with your console? If so, we are official Xbox support amp we would be happy to help!
Customer: why am I getting this message when I have already paid for the game Agent: We would recommend contacting the console store for more information on this.
Customer: This is how well internet works. I get absolutely zero WiFi signal in our bedroom. I feel like a broken record with these people. Agent: James, is the router near the window? Karen
Customer: why tf does my internet keep going down this is bullshit Agent: We can help right here. Follow and message us.
Customer: Unfortunately Delta website does not recognise that either Agent: I have just tried it myself and it is allowed me access to your booking and then separately to online check in. Have you entered the first....
Customer: Yes it is, stop making excuses for yoir shitty company. I am done with it. Just will not pay it. You do not want my money then fine do not text Agent: Is the payment currently due?
Customer: Awesome, thanks. was not sure if they needed a green light on your end first. Agent: If you ever have questions in the future, you know where to find me. Have a good night!
Customer: would rather leave 9 NINE! 1st class seats empty than upgrade me. I have spent 15K with them this year! 125K miles... , sup? Agent: ... HDG
Customer: I bought a carry on luggage that 24×14×92.5 E. What does the 2.5 E STAND FOR on my luggage? Will check in charge me 25? Agent: Your carryon bag is oversized by the dimensions you gave us. There will be a charge since you will have to check it.
Customer: Hi, I ordered an item on 18 Oct which said it would be delivered by 20 Oct and I still have not received it. Can you help? Thanks Agent: I am sorry you have not received it yet! Have you had an email regarding the order? Please check junk/spam and let us know!
Customer: I want to change username to artist name to keep followers, playlists etc. Can this be done? Been a long time paid user. Agent: Hey! we have just sent a message your way. let us carry on chatting there /
Customer: i do not see how that would be possible it is linked to my PayPal acct. Agent: Apologies. It looks like this is a known glitch. Please message us so we can provide further information.
Customer: Happy Monday. Not. Another reminder of a 1bar life with . Yuck. Agent: Let us change thatm. message us, let us see what is going on there. JoanO
Customer: Nothing like spending your Halloween with a 3 bowl/burrito at and watching HocusPocus. Happy Halloween! Agent: I mean, that is the only way to spend Halloween IMO. Becky
Customer: Ever since that chipotle made me sick I have not been fucking with it at allllll , the smell of it be making me nauseous. Agent: This is concerning to hear. Please reach out to our team at the link Jen
Customer: I am thinking that tracking is total fiction package has been Out for Delivery for 2 days amp has not arrived. 3 days late. Agent: Oh no! I am sorry you have not received your order! Please contact us here so we may look into this
Customer: where can I chat with a support member for a false charge Agent: I am sorry you have encountered an unknown charge! we would be happy to look into this with you here
Customer: Shits trash honestly. Agent: It could be wireless interference. Are you having signal or speed issues?
Customer: I have a log of my speed tests and you are lying to your customers??? This is a joke!!! Agent: I do apologize for the inconvenience and I will be happy to help. Can you message me your account number?
Customer: this glitch is blowing mine. please fix it. Agent: we are here to help with any issues you may be having. Tell us what is going on to get started.
Customer: since the ParisGamesWeek your system dosnt work by paypal. F it I am taking taxis. Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: Ugh I just want a BOOrito Agent: what is stopping you? Becky
Customer: no one will understand the anger i have rn after finding out today i could of got a burrito bowl for 3 in a costume Agent: I am so sorry for the frustration, my friend. there is always next year. Becky
Customer: the ctrlaltshift on load method did not work. Agent: Sorry that this is not more simple... let us know if the steps in the video work out or if you need further help Madison
Customer: Not even deadline yet and my Tuesdays code for photos do not even work Agent: Lets figure out what is going on Maria, message us! MelJ
Customer: Im just gonna pop back to the store when passing. It will be much easier. I dont have the receipt details but i think they were a quid. Agent: that is ok Kevin. If there is anything else I can help you with, please do not hesitate to contact me back. TY Jayne
Customer: As a longterm cust and Skymiles mem not happy re my 1000 voucher being denied due to being 48 hours past eiration. PleaseHelp Agent: Hi, Chris. I understand amp my apologies for any confusion. However the voucher, is only good for 1 year amp cannot be extended.
Customer: HOW can you be out of roast beef??! What happened to “we’ve got the meat!” You ain’t got it in myrtle Beach. Agent: Thank you for bringing this to our attention. Which restaurant location in Myrtle Beach did you visit?
Customer: Won this cutie in a crane machine at ye ole Walmart! it is so soft and it is and naming it Lup Happy Halloween Agent: Winner! What a great way to end the day. Sabi
Customer: Tried the steps. Still receiving an error message. Just updated to iOS 11.1 and got the message when my phone restarted Agent: Alright, let us continue working on this via DM. Tell us what country you are currently in.
Customer: It’s also on your app. Not browser specific. Same on LTE as WiFi. Go do a search. Agent: What is it that you are trying to do, Arlo? We might be able to help.
Customer: Thank You for the 3 burrito, Sincerely, the Pavek watermelon and a WidHoe Agent: Lookin good! And I am glad we could help. Becky
Customer: Can I unupdate my phone so it can stop freezing up and I can stop having to reset it 10 times a day? Agent: Thank you for reaching out to us. let us take a look at this in .
Customer: I thought UPS would have an easier time delivering parcels here in Manila. But guess what? My package is nowhere to be found. Agent: Sorry about that. Please message us your tracking number amp contact info so we can see what is going on.
Customer: needs to figure it’s shit out. My phone won’t stop freezing amp closing apps Agent: Let us help. Does this happen while using any specific app? Also, which version of iOS are you currently running?
Customer: ios 11.0.3 on 6s. Cannot adjust alarm volume so waking up all in my house and neighbours despite ringer being set to minimum! Agent: we would love to help with your alarm volume. Is the option to Change with Buttons disabled under Settings gt Sounds?
Customer: what is going on with the service in Chicago? When will it be back up? Agent: Can you please message us the account info so we can provide an accurate update?
Customer: messed up today and didn’t give me my 3 burrito although I was dressed up Agent: I am so sorry about that. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: two flights in 2 days, both delayed due to maintenance issues. What is going on? Disappointed in this eerience for sure. Agent: Sorry about the delays Joyce. Can you please send me your confirmation email in a DM? Sean
Customer: It’s been saying this since the 4th. Any idea why? Anyone else having this too? XboneX Agent: Can you please message the tracking number. I will check into this for you.
Customer: Step up your game lol. This is bullshit. Agent: Oh no. Where did you get this?
Customer: Just your friendly neighborhood assassin having fun in Walmart. Hey, we love candy, too!… Agent: we are not judging, Teresa. You have to listen when the sweet tooth calls. Sabi
Customer: It was a feature when you were selling an item from your computer. You clicked send to phone. That feature is gone. Agent: Curious! Well, for now, if you upload a photo to your draft listing you can access it by going to the draft from your app.
Customer: I have my backups going to the external drive. Are these files safe to delete? Agent: What device do you see the .nbi files on? And which OS does that device use?
Customer: If i can zero down on our phones. Thats whT i need. But they already said my not able. Because I’m not a 3 year customer. Agent: We have updated our terms, send us a message and I will take a look! TiannahReagor
Customer: I’ve checked all the dates in December and January and February. Are there dates available in those months, Agent: They may be seasonal as not all of our routes are offered yearround.
Customer: Sorry it starts everytime I launch the app on my fire stick I removed it from my watchlist several times from the computer Agent: Sorry for the delay, Katie! we would like to investigate this from our end. Please reach here for help!
Customer: Here is an example of an eort before and after. Eort settings are unchanged from default. No, only some files. Agent: Hi Jack, is there any way you could send me a file to try eorting on my end to try and replicate? Wren
Customer: I now have Spectrum at my condo in Kauai. They SUCK. I hate the channels options and the picture quality is bad. Agent: Good evening Michael, I apologize for the inconvenience. How may I be of assistance to you today?
Customer: Hi there! is out on my cable in Austin this might be the only station affected. Thanks in advance for your help! Agent: Thank you for reaching out. I am sorry one channel went out. I would try unplug BOTH the power cord and unscrew t...
Customer: . can you look at the standby list for DL1445 for tomorrow? Suppose to be on it but don’t think I’m activated on it. Agent: ...on the upgrade list. TJN
Customer: So You have me message You amp provide all types of information only to respond that someone will reach out to me tomorrow. Waste of TIME. Agent: Please message me your tracking info so I can look into that for you.
Customer: Grabbin our 3 BOOritos so good!! Agent: Lookin good! Thanks for stopping by. Becky
Customer: Thanks I filled in an online complaint via your website, hoe long does it normally take to reply? Agent: Hi our team aims to reply within 24 hours Thanks
Customer: Always some supposedly acceptable reason, yes I get that, but when one uses the trains every week and spends a lot of money, for it to be late regularly is just not acceptable. Agent: I understand the frustration this causes, Andy
Customer: I login with facebook email but i think my email account for spotify is my old one email that is now defunct. What can I do? Agent: we would recommend deleting your last tweet as it contains sensitive account info. You can message it to us instead /
Customer: i was charged RS 22.67 extra for sucharges amp fees .i was overcharged. i have mail 2 time noreply from your side. Did not halt? Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: stuck in here when trying to play a 360 game... Help Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. Can you message us your gamertag and a description of what you are seeing?
Customer: they are back now. I was on my phones 4g earlier. I do not know what happened but when I connected to my wifi it returned. Thank you though. Agent: 2 with anything else. /
Customer: add lyrics to all songs on ur app pls, apple music can do it You can too Agent: Hey! If you’re Premium, you can connect your Spotify account to the Musixmatch mobile app to enjoy lyrics /
Customer: Hi which lounges does my platinum card get me access at sfo international terminal? Thanks Agent: Good Morning. There is a Centurion Lounge at terminal 3 and 2 other lounges depending on who you are flying.
Customer: Hey, how do I apply for a career with Virgin Trains? I’ve checked the website and there’s no application available. Agent: Any vacancies will be advertised on our careers page at
Customer: why did my X1 box decide to restart itself during the world series,? 2nd time in week. Customer support has no answer Agent: Please provide by message the full address and account number and name associated with your account. Thanks.
Customer: Amazon is unable to pick return request in last 25 days?? Agent: Please don’t provide your details here as we consider them to be personal information. Our page is visible to public.
Customer: Nothings worse than having a chicken bowl that is nothing but burnt chicken I am dissapointed Agent: Ick – that does not sound right. Please tell us more so we can dig into what went awry Becky
Customer: THERE WAS A FUCKING COCKROACH IN MY CHIPOTLE BOWL Agent: This is incredibly concerning. Please provide more details here Becky
Customer: . two days Ives been trying to us this app. All I want McDonalds breakfast while not having to leave my bed and this is very problematic. Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can assist.
Customer: My Halloween costume is a day late. Can you help? Agent: I am so sorry we have let you down. Please reach us here so we can elore options with you.
Customer: When you roll the month, it does not appear and hangs Agent: we would like to take a closer look at this. message us and we will go from there.
Customer: why is my driver taking route in the opposite direction from where I live? Restaurant is five minutes away tops Agent: Hi Colleen, Please message us your information and we will investigate this for you right away. Thanks DoorDash
Customer: Deleted friend but they are still in my followers. Not cool. Solution? Agent: Hello Jack! Please block the user by following the steps in this link
Customer: If , why won’t they do something about these recurring problems? Can’t watch nor download something already recorded. Agent: Hi, I am sorry for the trouble with your recordings. Can you message the name, address, and phone number on the account?Sean
Customer: when you use and get like 43 of what you ordered. Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can connect right away.
Customer: I️ fucking hate Wells Fargo Agent: Noticed your tweet. Can you fill me in on what is happening? No account numbers, please.
Customer: Flight 4354 has been delayed since this morning......I am missing events and jobs. Get me on now, please Agent: we are so sorry for your frustration, LoLo. Our Agents at the airport will get you in the skies just as soon as possible hang in there.
Customer: aye can i do double meat for my boorito and still only pay 3? Agent: If it fits comfortably inside your meal, it will be 3. Becky
Customer: no, during gameplay, the screen freezes completely and there is no audio. it happens about 2 hours into playing a game. Agent: It happens with all the games or just one game? If is just one game, did you try to uninstall and reinstall it?
Customer: can i use my jumpstart towards getting the iphonex? Agent: Please message us for all the ins and outs of making a Jump upgrade JohnWard
Customer: Complaint reference <number> lodged on 30th September has still not been responded to! Thanks for nothing BA! Agent: Hi Rahul. Please message us your full name, email and postal address. we will be happy to then chase this up for you. Lolly
Customer: We did. They told us they would bring it up but it could take up to three hours! We had already been through the ringer today. TY! Agent: Hey Kelly, so sorry about the delay.
Customer: since when you stop giving 20 off videogame preorders amazon prime members im confused? why? Agent: We still offer discounts on eligible physical game preorders. For further details on Prime benefits
Customer: How do I contact a live customer service rep? Calling funnels me into an endless phone menu Agent: We are here to help! Please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you. .
Customer: Thank you because I just was beginning to become comfortable with you all, Everything was going great Agent: you are welcome. I will review the account and call you today. kl
Customer: why is my internet out I live in queens NY I need to do homework and I got no internet. Should of stayed with Verizon. So mad. Agent: Come on back. Check out the promos we have for new customers at
Customer: Shout out to on Marshall Street with 3 bowls and burritos for Halloween!… Agent: Shout out to you for stopping by! Becky
Customer: Thanks for reaching out but I know that it wouldn’t probably get done hopefully sometime in the afternoon tomorrow. Agent: I understand. We are working to get services restored. If you need to, reach out tomorrow. Hope you have a great night!
Customer: I love you but what’s going on with the queso? It’s so chalky Agent: it is made with real, highuality ingredients. we are working on the recipe, so please give it another shot soon Becky
Customer: What The F... are you the shittiest service available omg Agent: This is very concerning to hear. Please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you.
Customer: does this look right? It’s the preboard line from Orlando to columbus frustrated Agent: Since many disabilities are not visible, we are unable to question the validity of preboarding requests. We regret any disappointment.
Customer: I have stopped ordering from your site, Amazon courier guys are very rude. I have given similar complaints to You no of tyms. Agent: Please share your details here and I will get in touch with you.
Customer: You need2 srsly consider cutting ties w/ nothing but probs they deliv sum1 elses package now I am gettin the run around 2get mine Agent: I so sorry for the repeated delivery problems! When you contacted UPS, what options were provided? Please keep us posted.
Customer: Raw meat!!!! It’s does not say unwrapped raw meat!!! Sainsbury’s don’t charge nor do Waitrose so y do you?! Agent: As our packaging is sufficient, any extra wrappings or bags does require an extra 5p charge as per legislation. Thanks
Customer: put this on spotify please Agent: Hey! We’d love to have all of his stuff available, but we have some info about content here /
Customer: hi, can you guys give me the country code of amazon usa. amazon gave me headaches.. Agent: I am sorry for the trouble! You can dial <number> to reach us internationally.
Customer: It’s the most wonderful time of the year, is only 3 for dressing up in a costume Halloween boorito Agent: it is legit the best day of the year. Becky
Customer: nice dead flower delivery for 14 dollars. Agent: I am so sorry your flowers were damaged! Please reach us here so we can find available options.
Customer: cannot change my new Email address with ! I am repeatedly told There was a problem with your Password.... Agent: Hey, did you try and change your password first? Do you have access to the email address associated with your account?
Customer: my driver just drove me to the department of air travel instead of the airport.......... rufkm Agent: we are here to help! Send us a note here, and our team will be in touch.
Customer: That would help... Watford Junction Agent: These service appear to be running fine this coming Sunday
Customer: Once again you set the bar for what an airline should be. Agent: Thank you for the kind words! could not do it without amazing guests like yourself! Sean
Customer: is there a way to find nonelicit songs that are elicit Agent: Hey Mikey! we are afraid there is no way to filter or search that way, but we will pass that suggestion on to the relevant folks /
Customer: I already made everything allowed but it prevents me from uploading stuff on twitter why? and what can I do? Agent: What is the error code or message you receive? Please provide us with more details.
Customer: , just got on DL1908 and it reeks of pee. Agent: Our apologies for the bad impression caused, Bradley.
Customer: app is not working!! Agent: Online ordering is shut off tonight for our Boorito promotion, but will be back on tomorrow. My apologies. Becky
Customer: mobileCareXI tv and Internet continue to freeze up all night Long After 3 hour service call today! Agent: I see that you have recently posted about your Comcast services, message your account so I can look into this amp speak privately. ~
Customer: Listen I’m having issues with my phone so like can you me so we can talk Agent: we are here to help. Send us a message with the issue and we will follow up from there.
Customer: my iPhone is a fully up to date so why does my phone keep freezing ??? Agent: We want to help in any way we can. Which iPhone are you using? Let us know in DM, and we’ll work with you there.
Customer: Hey thanks for helping me get a 3 burrito bowl GingerLove GingersUnite MusicalGingersUnite Agent: As a fellow redhead – I appreciate this so much. Becky
Customer: still no solution for Rhode Island?? Agent: , We do apologize for the inconvenience and hope to have it restored soon as we can. = JJ
Customer: is there a way to check peak riding hours to avoid surge pricing? Agent: Best way to check is to view the estimated fare in your app. Find out more here
Customer: hi made a booking TK4YWC just now and made a typo in one of the passengers names.. please help Agent: what we can do for you Yana
Customer: No I was not able to Agent: Our team will need to assess the damage in person, please see an agent for assistance.
Customer: hey wanna come to Mammoth. I will at least eat there once a week i promise Agent: Hopefully we will get there at some point! Becky
Customer: This is only 200 coupon. I had a mailer which gave 300 for checking account. Agent: on the following link to get the coupon code.
Customer: is there sign in issues cause this is all I can get and it shows everything is up and running also I have shut down my router and powered down my PS4 Agent: Hi! let us check out the next article to troubleshoot Wired or Wireless Network Connection
Customer: how can I contact you by email or inbox about an issue with my account? Agent: Hey there! Please send us an email at email!
Customer: Findlay, OH. Cashier asked mgr when I questioned bill. To their credit the cashier and line were friendly, food was good. Agent: I will go ahead and follow up with our team there. I am glad you still enjoyed it though! Jen
Customer: My packages are gone THREE packages yooooooooooo I’m ready to fight somebody gotta class action lawsuit these fools Agent: I am sorry to hear that happened. Please message your tracking so we can look into that for you.
Customer: stays sending me new Chase Freedom Credit Cards clearly I have a problem Agent: Your concern is important to us, and I would like to help. Please message your name and zip code.
Customer: Already spoke with you guys through the app. was not helpful. Agent: Thanks for following up. Please confirm your email address or phone number through direct message so we can further assist.
Customer: 3 boorito amp only had to wait 15 min... Doing great despite the 3 tests I am procrastinating studying for. Agent: That burrito will give you the necessary brain food. Becky
Customer: Ps. The mailingsnot coming to my attention current resident so it’s not possible to opt out. I am also on the Do Not Call Registry. Agent: Hello, I do apologize for the trouble. Please message so we can discuss.~
Customer: Do you guys know when Gamestop is sending out codes for WWII if you preordered? was not sure if that is on your end. Thanks! Agent: Hey there! GameStop would definitely have more info regarding their codes. Try contacting your local store.
Customer: hey, . what does Standard Room VIP mean? Agent: Hi Catherine, we have responded to your twitter mention IHGService . Thanks. kl
Customer: enough with all the onions and jalapeños and cilantro it is just too much in everything!!!! Agent: No plans for changes in the near future, but we appreciate the suggestion. Becky
Customer: 135PM Agent: Going from where to where?
Customer: Dear my order <number> is suppose to deliver by 31 Oct 2017... Still not received... Agent: I’m sorry about the issue you’re facing with delivery. Let us look into it. 1/3HR
Customer: This 3 Steak bowl from just made my night. Agent: The only thing better than a regular steak bowl, is a 3 steak bowl. Becky
Customer: hi! i need some help with a booking i need to change, and made a mistake on. who can i contact? Agent: Youd need to contact our Aftersales team on 0344 556 5650 from 8am
Customer: why i am getting this error when adding new master card in payment method.. Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can connect right away.
Customer: XFINITY decided to reset my internet again Had to restart stream, Live again Agent: I would be happy to assist you with any issues you’re having with your internet service. Please shoot us a message so that we can help.
Customer: 砂来のウィッグ コロネロの使える思ってのんびりしてたら、家が引越し荷物だらけで探せなかったんは焦ったわぁ Amazonで頼んで昨日届いたありがとうprime Agent: Amazonをご利用いただき、ありがとうございます！ またのご利用お待ちしております´︶`
Customer: I checked daily and flight 1403 was never offered as an option as I most certainly would have made the adjust on my trip. Agent: My apologies. If that flight never showed up on your search, that would mean it was full.
Customer: It was 1751 from Seattle Agent: Jamie I am very sorry about the wait for you gate. Andre
Customer: But i didnt get email Agent: We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: Hello , i have a proplem on BlackOps3 , i can’t open Prestige Master for Multiplayer or Zombie, Could you solve my proplem pls ? Agent: Hey Ahmad, Troubles prestiging in Black Ops 3? Sorry to hear! Check out this help article for intel
Customer: that is fine, but when a budget airline such as KLM can provide complimentary food for a fraction of the price, it is laughable! Agent: we will make sure your comments are passed on about the catering options we offer, Jake.
Customer: logistics doing a laughably terrible job of delivering my package. Anyone else noticing a serious dip in customer service? Agent: I am sorry about this eerience! Have we missed our initial delivery date promised in Your Orders
Customer: it is official we are going on vacation we are checked into our flight Agent: Counting down the minutes until we can welcome you onboard! Glad we get to be a part of the adventure with you.
Customer: Yep Agent: Do you have our Fios service? When services go out, does the internet light on the router change color?
Customer: Made In Germany, Du Bist Gut, Cover Me and 20 Jahre this one mostly. Because these are missing, a few compilations have greyed out tracks Agent: 2 Spotify content here If you have anything else in mind, we are just a tweet away /
Customer: Sure. Is there any reason 0722 002 222 does not work? Agent: Sorry the helpline is usually restricted to the business admin contact. You can call with your admins line or do the email.
Customer: get your shit fixed. Buffers every 5 seconds Agent: Sorry! Is live TV or ondemand shows affected? What device do you use? For now, please try
Customer: Hey freehold, NJ you are 1 more forgotten salad dressing away from me not coming back. 5strikesyoureout Agent: That does not sound good. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: just don’t know what I gotta do to not be treated like crap. Apparently spending thousands on your Amex isn’t cutting it. Agent: Hi, Jenna. I apologize for your seating issue. Pls message your conf if I may assist,
Customer: still waiting on that call back from 30 hours ago. Agent: Hello Greg, Is this in reference to your home or wireless account?
Customer: no body inform me. once You return that parcel. please send the tracking id or parcel details. but after 10days i call amazon custamare care Agent: Thank you for sharing your details, Dhinesh. we will check your concern and reach you soon.
Customer: hi a frd of mine sent money from mpesa in qutar to kenya but to a wrong no Agent: Hi,share the mpesa transaction code for assistance.
Customer: Hv don n done dat it not work. Again tel me why d 50mb data do not last pho 4mins? Den You start taking my money from main act why Agent: Evening, kindly provide your number for a quick check.
Customer: Does even have LTE? Barely ever wants to give me 4G and keeps me on E the whole time Laughing Out Loud Agent: Oh dang! We certainly do have LTE and I want to make sure you are receiving it. message us here and we will check this out. ValerieP
Customer: Hey no problem, yeah it was delivered just fine, just a couple minutes late I just wondered why he was sat out there for 15 minutes is all Agent: I am pleased to hear you received it on time. If there is anything else that you need help with please let us know. Ceri
Customer: Hi! Some of our information is wrong in your neighborhood guide. Can you please let us know who to contact to change it? Agent: Hi there, we are here to help! Please message us with your email and more details, thank you.
Customer: I love how when your support cannot figure out my problem, they just hang up on me. Agent: Hello. I am happy to assist you with any issue you are having with your service.DM me your address so I can help. Thanks.
Customer: 腹が立つね、Amazon架空詐欺メール。昔来た別の釣りメールは「弁護士の○○先生の方から」という中学生レベルの文言が有って可愛かったけど。 Agent: こんにちわ。Amazonです。 最近、Amazonを騙るフィッシングが増えているようでございます。身に覚えのないメールに連絡や、個人情報の登録等をいただかないようお気を付けください。
Customer: How do I change default document i.e. index.php in WebApp? Agent: Unless you were looking how to configure, then this should help!
Customer: Pero ya estoy en otro país ósea que perderé todo lo de mi cuenta sólo porque no recibe mi tarjeta de crédito Agent: Hola Ezequiel! Recuerde que tenemos diferentes metodos de pago
Customer: got people out here looking crazy with this damn glitch!!! Fix this shit now!!! Agent: We’re available to help. Which device model and operating system are you using? Let us know in .
Customer: Who doesn’t love new entrance look and feel? What says ‘welcome’ more than a cage full of rubbish? Agent: Hey there, I see exactly what you mean, there is certainly nothing welcoming about that.
Customer: As flights come into Gatwick at 11 30pm on Sunday why is your last train into London 11 45. V inconvenient to pay 50 for a taxi. Agent: for services running into London terminals JW
Customer: your email “Engineering and Events notification Saturday 6 November and Sunday 7 November” what dates please? Agent: Apologies for the typo, this would be for this coming weekend, Saturday 4th and Sunday 5th.
Customer: I got a chicken Boorito with queso Agent: Becky
Customer: Nooo! I’ve just bought 2 sets of Christmas earrings from your Basildon branch amp I think I left them at the till! What can I do?! Agent: Oh no! that is never good Wendy. Did you pick up your receipt? When did you visit? Robbie
Customer: deny clients to pay off bill 2 take advantage of BlackFriday 3 Strikes Agent: You should be able to take advantage of our offers. Click on my picture to send me a message so I can look into this with you. AshleyNelson
Customer: This fruit about to slay some veggies Agent: Get after it – go bananas. Becky
Customer: Wish I could sleep but I’m having to wait for to delivery my delayed baggage. I paid 25 to have them leave my luggage behind. Agent: Our apologies for the delay. We know that waiting is no fun and we appreciate your patience.
Customer: in Pico Rivera making bowls half full and burritos look like taquitos I am dissapointed Agent: I am sorry to hear that. Please always feel free to ask for a bit more. Jen
Customer: Flght attndnt gives me, US born citizen, English lesson. AA said will record my complaint in system. Do better train your staff! stockreplies microaggression Agent: Gate information is shared on the website. Just input your flight number here
Customer: it is been spooky at LAX tonight but nothing is as scary as the pseudo SW attempt at boarding. Folks do not get it. Too many ppl. Agent: Hey, Virginia. Thanks for the feedback about our boarding process.
Customer: We use it through our Roku, and it happens on every show unfortunately. Also happens even if you just cause or rewind and then continue. Agent: Hm, they should definitely resume if already enabled. When they disappear, does your Rokus CC settings toggle off too?
Customer: what’s with charging 15¢ to noncustomers for a roll of quarters!? That’s ridiculous! Definitely won’t ever be a customer there! Agent: Can you please tell me the location of the branch you went to? I would like to look into this matter further.
Customer: is now 3 hours past my 2 hr confirmed delivery window for 2nd Day Air medical supplies. Next order, I will demand another shipper. Agent: I am sorry you have not received your package. Will you please message me your tracking number?
Customer: unprofessional order id <number>,<number>,<number> Agent: Please share your details here and I will reach out to you.
Customer: Why does it take more than 24hours to seek help what ever happened to being responsive overcharged noresponse CUSTOMERSERVICEFAIL Agent: Happy to further assist you. Can you please send us a message with your email address and additional details?
Customer: Someone keeps trying to buy playstation cards on my account. Having a hard time getting customer service Agent: Thanks for letting us know about this, Jon. we are here to help! We can be reached here Please do keep us in the loop.
Customer: i am trying to play in the public match playlist, still wants me to buy dlc to play it Agent: Can you provide a video of this?
Customer: So even though i purchased it years ago for the 360, i have to rebuy it again? Agent: game. You would have to purchase the game on that specific platform to play it. 2
Customer: anyway to calculate miles of upcoming already booked flights?runfortheroses Agent: Hey, there. When you are choosing your flights, you can actually hover over the price to see how many points you would earn!
Customer: Neither of those permissions can be disabled. Also, permissions change when updated does not elain why the permissions are needed. Agent: For full and optimum use of the App these permissions are recommended. If you are unhappy you can disable them as above O2Guru
Customer: This is ongoing, chronic and the service cox sporadic and sketchy. Your customer service people do not talk to each other,tech contradicts... Agent: Carole, thank you for the feedback. What issue are you currently having with your services? Karen
Customer: Thanks I will give it a shot Agent: We hope they help! If the issue persist on all devices afterward, do not hesitate to call/chat w/ us
Customer: ok so I’ve been sick w the flu since yesterday and I literally am so drained but Zach went out AND GOT ALL THIS STUFF FOR HALLOWEEN FOR Agent: Sounds like a real keeper! Hope you get to feeling better soon. In the meantime, enjoy a quiet evening of rest. Danny
Customer: Hey yall. Why is my checkout not working? I click checkout with fresh and it takes me to an error page. what is the deal? Agent: I am sorry to hear about the trouble. we would like to take a closer look into this for you here
Customer: Now it won’t even buffer all the way. I can’t find out what the shows on my list are, because nothing will load. I’ll call tomorrow. Agent: Hey there! we are just circling back to make sure you are all set. If you need anything further, we are always just a tweet away!
Customer: having issues with my game WWII, from missing attachments for guns, blank lobby screens. Are any of the disc defected. Bought mine from tesco £36 Agent: Hi there, please send us a message for further assistance.
Customer: it is Tuesday. Centurylink promised somebody Monday. Still no show. Agent: Hello, I would be more than happy to assist you. Please send me a DM. Katie
Customer: S/o to s halloween spirit and the fact that my bowl only costed me 3.21!!!! Agent: we are all about the treats, and less about the tricks. Becky
Customer: you do not care about the time of non prime customers !! Really sad to see the bad delivery of Amazon! Still waiting for delivery. Agent: Please do not provide your order details, we consider it personal information. Our Twitter page is visible to public. AK
Customer: Hi , I have filled up form ,attaching the Same for reference amp perusal. Agent: sure dear, <number> case successful submitted, the relevant team will look into your case and liaise with you further. ThanksMi
Customer: Do you know how heavy this is? Do you need a car or can I carry it home? Agent: Hi there. It weights just over 15kgs so can be carried. Hope this helps! Tom
Customer: Eating SUPERgarlicky sautéed spinach MOMENTS before boarding flight to UK. Sorry fellow pax, but that’s how I roll. Vampires Agent: Hey, sounds good! Hope you are enjoying.
Customer: When will the infinity voice remote be able to find high definition channels again? All verbal searches go to low def. Agent: Hi, Janette. Can you check to make sure your Autotune to HD setting is on? You can find it under Settingsgt Preferencesgt General.
Customer: I’m sick of being on hold with your online chat. Fix your chat process. Oh, fix my fios while you’re at it. Agent: Our apologies, as we see 1 pending for the next agent. Have you gotten an agent yet?
Customer: Yo how come when the IPhone X coming out so soon my phone starts overheating and draining battery when I’m charging it? Agent: we would like to take a look at this with you. let us continue our conversation in .
Customer: they were told they would get their giveaways within 72hrs. It has been 7 days and counting. Agent: Hi, message your account number amp your contact number as well we have a look into this issue.
Customer: when you cannot get my Prime order to me on time, what happens? I needed it on time! it is a gift! Your courier not up to the job? Agent: we are unable to view your account, but we would like to help in realtime, via phone or chat here
Customer: I did. No response. Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: FEELS Agent: ALLLLLTheFeelz
Customer: I would appreciate it if you would not sell my personal info to other companies. You had no right and I will be reporting you to the Agent: Hi, that is not something we do. If your domain is public, spammers have access to your contact info. what is the domain?
Customer: counted my work uniform as a costume for the 3 boorito deal Agent: Win/win Becky
Customer: So what your suggestion is that at sign up I go with a different email address and then later on go and change that to the email address I want to have the same across the accounts. is that correct Agent: You got it.
Customer: Hi do I have to go through the Chase Online Ultimate Rewards webpage to get the extra cash back when I shop? Agent: to the merchants site to make the purchase.
Customer: So just charged me for my driver not being where they said they were going to be. Agent: we are sorry to hear about that. Can you message us so we can look into that for you?
Customer: since upgrade to High Sierra I see this screen each time my iMac reboots thus defeating automatic login I need. Help. Agent: Thanks for reaching out to let us know about this. So we can look into this with you, please message us here
Customer: Hey, all, this guy picked my cousin up in Pittsburgh on Friday for and tried sexually assaulting her. His name is Feruzbek. Agent: We take this very seriously. Please send us a message with your email address so we can connect ASAP.
Customer: Purchased a case yesterday that dropped in price today. Can the difference be refunded? Agent: Hello I would like to assist you. Please send me a message with your order number. Thank you!Nick
Customer: Stop showing me diaper ads. I do not have a baby. Agent: Hey! Sorry about that. we will pass the feedback on to the right people /
Customer: I realize it’s busy today but when you charge me 5 and then don’t put my queso in my bag I get really upset! Agent: I would be upset, too. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: Yes, the box needed to be replaced. Agent: Great, follow us and send a message so we may verify your info and get this taken care of.
Customer: I️ upgraded. I️t didn’t work. Agent: Reach out to us via DM, and we can take a look at this with you.
Customer: Furious. You have let me down twice tonight with useless drivers leaving letting me, a women on her own down, incredibly disappointed. Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: i just walked into wearing my mermaid man costume to get a 3 burrito amp I’ve never felt more alive Agent: That sounds so epic. Becky
Customer: Another day I’m over Wells Fargo shit. Agent: we would like to help. Pls tell us the location of the At The Moment you are referring to so we can alert our support team for action.
Customer: needs to ship phones in inconspicuous boxes so they do not get stolen along the way at !!!! Currently have 2 empty iPhone 8 boxes I am dissapointed Agent: Adrianne, that is definitely a crazy situation and we want to do everything we can to help. Send us a DM! KittyG
Customer: Just did Agent: We have received your message and will follow up there.
Customer: OK I will give it a try Agent: Great! Keep us posted.
Customer: locks up eyelashes amp glue but not alcohol? Agent: Thanks for reaching out. We want to learn more. Please message us which store you visited. Thanks!
Customer: unacceptable telling people they are in the affected area right after HurricaneIrma I had no power for 5 days amp now saying I am not! Agent: Is this in relation to your seller performance level? Please message us with more details so we can review our options!
Customer: I just wanted a treat and they gave me the worst trick. HappyHalloweeen TrickOrTreat Agent: My apologies – we are not accepting online orders tonight for our Boorito promo. it will be back on again tomorrow. Becky
Customer: Connection via Ethernet not possible where he is, also there is no file to delete amp restart as said before he is done a power cycle? Agent: Canceling the download, powering down the console, unplugging for five full minutes this clears the cache, and try again.
Customer: Ridiculous that I left work early. WiFi Installer no show. Cox service has always disappointed. Agent: This isn’t how I want you to feel. Let me look into this for you. message your name and complete address. Maria
Customer: takes a special kind of incompetence to transfer someone 7 times and still not solve their problem Agent: Hey there! let us make this right for you and get your problem resolved. I will meet you back in the DMs right away! BrendanLee
Customer: I will attached the report that the manager completed. This claim is almost two years old and it is past time. Agent: We would like to review. Please follow and message with full name, location on reservation and your email address. Thank you.
Customer: Hey why no HD service on tonight? Agent: Hello, Ron! Just checking in to see if you are still eeriencing XFINITY HD service issues.
Customer: Hey just wondering why this new update has had my phone going bananas all day so far?? Please enlighten me. Agent: you have come to the right place. What seems to be going on with your phone?
Customer: What’s the reason all trains at Lancaster are at a standstill? Agent: There is an incident at Preston causing disruption to services through Lancaster. More info here
Customer: good service at the Grand Bay, AL location, but shutting the milkshake machine off before 1115 when you close at 12 Agent: Sorry to hear that. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will address.
Customer: HappyHalloween2017 from your biggest fan. Thank you for creating efficient and healthy households nationwide! Agent: Thank YOU, Alisondra, for being one of our amazing customers!
Customer: <number> unable to use internet. No network since I ported. 4G is a dream for me. 3G speed very low. Porting Agent: Hello , kindly assist with stated issue. Thank you. Osebi.
Customer: my Amazonid is email is blocked since 3months please unblock it. Agent: Hi, you should have received an email with an update over your account. We will not be check this for you.
Customer: Cupertino, we have a problem. . . . . Agent: we would like to see what we can do to assist. What version of iOS are you currently running? We released iOS 11.1 today.
Customer: 3 burrito Halloweenie Agent: So good! Becky
Customer: my friend and I were gonna get booritos but I got pulled over, got a ticket, and cried home without a burrito Agent: Ugh. What a buzzkill – I am so sorry. Becky
Customer: . WHY DOES THIS KEEP HAPPENING Agent: We want to help! message us and let us know more about the issues you are having.
Customer: you all upset my man he is a big fan of yall but will not go cause of bad/disrespectful service. Please apologize Agent: I am so sorry about that. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: What shall happen now... Was in the event to cancel but time elapsed? Agent: Kindly follow up with recipient for refund or report to police.
Customer: can you assist me in sending a receipt for early bird check in for previous travel? Thanks Agent: Hey there, Scott! Send us a message with the confirmation number and we will go from there.
Customer: 3 burritos and I’m nowhere near a ‍♂️ Agent: Bummer. I am so sorry. How far away is the closest location? Becky
Customer: Oh you were very unhelpful . never had this problem in all my traveling. Agent: we are sorry to hear you are disappointed. If we can be of any assistance, please do not hesitate to tweet us about it. we are here for you.
Customer: After entering a destinationampgetting a calculated fare,imagine my surprise when I was charged 100 MORE than that.Will never use again Agent: Here to help! Please send us a message with your email address and more details about this fare so our team can connect.
Customer: Ordered last Friday, still not here. Agent: What was the estimated delivery date provided in the order confirmation email?
Customer: Since when do I need to be home to receive a package from Amazon that has a TSHIRT AND PJ PANTS IN IT?! Agent: It is the drivers discretion to leave a package. If you need assistance please message us.
Customer: received notification of tomorrows flight now delta but cannot check in as reservation is not found, can you pls help? Agent: Hey Cosette, no worries. what is your booking with us and I will see if I can track it down for you
Customer: cannot access my account. Annoyed that I have to tweet to get tech support for a service I pay for Agent: Hey Alex! Can you message us your accounts email address or username? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: Can you find out? What about the lack of announcement or apology? Agent: Sure, the information is not available to me currently but we will find out.
Customer: I have updated my WatchOS but cannot stream the radio on LTE . Wi Fi both tethered and direct from watch works Agent: you are in the right place for help. Let us know in a message if the issue started randomly or since you first setup the Watch.
Customer: Can we get back to this? Still having issues. Agent: Hi there, we are looping the eert back into this conversation. Thanks!
Customer: HDTV xBox Fios connection. Ive eerienced this issue for yrs. It always looks like the throttling issue to me. Eg Agent: While that report is crazy, it is also stating on wireless which has nothing to do with your home service. Could you run a wired test.
Customer: Dear your password reset process is not user friendly, tried hard but could not go through. User Majeed Malla Reg. No <number> Agent: We apologize for the trouble! Please contact us via so our team can connect.
Customer: So decided to get a potato LOADED griller at Taco Bell today... What The F... is this there was like 4 potatoes... it’s 97 tortilla Agent: Oh no. Where did you get this?
Customer: ., this is only available in the boys section. Why cannot girls be astronauts too? stem womeninSTEM STEMinist Agent: Please message us, so we can provide more information regarding the apparel.
Customer: when is the 600mhz coming online in seattle?? Agent: Hey, Kashif! Shoot me a message here and we will check out when we are going to lightitup! KrystnYogi
Customer: It’s fine. The people on line handled fantastic. I would just hope that all are empowered to make decisions to help the customer. Agent: we are glad that our team was able to help, but we appreciate this feedback.
Customer: cheers for the delivery would have been spot on if the cakes weren’t in the same bag as the bleach Agent: Oh dear! I can understand your concerns Christopher, I would like to have this fed back to the Grocery Management Team.
Customer: I cant Connect my Interactive Broker Canada with yahoo finance App in ios 11, Any suggestions.. ?? Agent: Hi are you receiving an error message when trying to link the account?
Customer: Looking to get a burrito for 3 Agent: Nicely done! Your makeup is on point, my friend. Becky
Customer: Hi! Id like to clear a folder in my Programmx86 file, but everytime i get this message In German. Oh,and i use Windows 10 Pro Agent: Hello. Just doing a followup on your case. Are you still eeriencing the issue?
Customer: I have been on hold for about 20 minutes on the phone, and going on 10 in chat. Please help! Agent: Apologies for the delay, Kyle! Did you still need some assistance? For realtime assistance, call/chat should be available now. ✅
Customer: cannot send message 25 sequin Newington ct <number> Agent: I have located your account. To protect your privacy, please delete the tweet that contains your address. Mary
Customer: Good to see that race to the bottom as low cost airline is on track. worldsfavouriteairline? dreamon Agent: You do not sound happy, Rohan. Is there anything we can help with? Lolly
Customer: Taco Bell on Alexis in toledo Ohio, I want free tacos. Agent: Thank you for letting us know. we are on it.
Customer: わわ、ご丁寧に返信頂き、ありがとうございます もしかしたらそうなのかも知れません引き落とし確認前に購入してしまった物があるので、取り敢えず月会費に変更してみました。次月利用予定なければキャンセルする予定です。 Agent: Amazonプライムについてわかりづらい点があり、ご不便をおかけいたしました。プライム・ビデオやPrime Readingなど色々な特典をご用意しておりますので、ご登録中にお試しいただければ幸いです。
Customer: I have read some reviews that indoor coverage is not great. As a working mom, I need consistent, reliable coverage. Agent: Definitely hear you. Lisa. Shoot us a message here and we will take a closer look at coverage and talk specifics. ValerieP
Customer: whenever I try to see the photos that I’ve just taken my iphone6 shows me this. I’ve reset it, I’ve restored it... help? Agent: We know how important it is to be able to view your photos. Are you able to see older photos on your iPhone?
Customer: Hi coxri I know you’re working hard. Just a little update or ETR WOULD HELP A Agent: Chuck, we do not have an estimated time of repair. Thank you for your patience! Karen
Customer: it’s been 300 years down to the day! The Sanderson Sisters were on the hunt for children.... burritos held us over Agent: We put a spell on you, and now you are all ours. Becky
Customer: Thanks for taking 20 mins to make my order and then giving it away. I now have 4 mins to eat my lunch Before I have 2b at work. Agent: We need to make up. message us.
Customer: Hey . My mom just got a spam email saying someone bought tix with her PayPal. Is this a known issue? Agent: Yes please have her forward the email to email, then delete it.
Customer: need your help we ordered food over an hour ago driver never came restaurant closed doordash fail Agent: Thanks for this message. Sorry for the trouble. Please message us with your email address amp we will reach out right away!
Customer: doesn’t work and i even tried deleting the app Agent: Could you send us a message with your accounts email address? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: So I’m good to commit £10 on parking on a planned to run basis. Why was it cancelled at Farncombe? Agent: Apologies for the inconvenience caused this morning, this was due to the train being late from the depot.
Customer: I legit think the new Xbox update broke the Xbox No game is able to update, and it’s not a problem with my wifi Agent: Are you able to update your games currently? we are official Xbox support amp we would be happy to help!
Customer: already tried help by mail and still problem persist, please close my account and do not want to be a customer anymore Agent: I am sorry. We cannot access your account via Twitter. For assistance, please reach us here
Customer: What’s D S? Agent: I am not sure what you mean, but I will be happy to look into it. Would you please message the full service address and phone number?
Customer: could have sworn i was signed up for birthday rewards no points for me Agent: Oh no! Send us your email. Thanks!
Customer: could plz tell me if I used your service only 4 days for that you can charged full montly rental from users. Agent: we are awaiting for your response to resolve ur issue. Pls provide the same within next 24 hrs. Rgds, Idea Care
Customer: I guess my soccer player costume was not good enough for a 3 burrito Agent: That does not sound right. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: California Halloween Flight skeletoncrew Agent: Best day of the year, especially because you are onboard! Have a wonderful flight!
Customer: any idea when the first train from Exmouth will run today? Agent: Hi James. Sorry for the earlier cancellation. The next one due to run is the 0643. Lewis
Customer: 4 tweets and no customer service response. Ridiculous. Absolutely shocking for an “elite” customer service app. No wonder people are streaming to other apps Agent: Happy to take a look. Send us a message direct message with your email address so we can connect.
Customer: Oh what a Happy Halloween it is Agent: Yes! I love it. And Shawns cards are the best. Becky
Customer: I do not know who is at fault. I ordered an elgato hd60s but received an empty box. There are 5 others in same sitch Agent: Oh no! I am sorry your package arrived empty! Was this order shipped by Amazon or a thirdparty seller?
Customer: My favorite holiday... 3 booritos at Chipotyay! chipchiphooray chipotyay… Agent: Thanks for stopping by! that is a great looking duo right there. Becky
Customer: Amazon truck damaged my lawn my lawn .Love Amazon . So sad no one called me back today as promised! Why? Agent: Please send us your details here so we can look into this for you.
Customer: Hola necesito urgente la actualización de software. La batería me dura literal medio día ‍♀️ Agent: We offer support via Twitter in English. Get help in Spanish here or join
Customer: amp she hung up the phone on me. I want my money back. Or else the whole world gonna know Agent: Hi there! Can you tell us the reason for the credit? Can you also join us in a message so we can assist you?
Customer: The change flight search option on your website is broken once again. Agent: I sincerely apologize, our IT team is diligently working on it, we should have it up and working very soon.
Customer: I saw an ad on my Twitter for 100 credit if I installed your app, I installed it now the ad is gone. Can I get the code please!?! Agent: Hi there! message us your account email so we can look into this.
Customer: Guatemala as seen from my flight. travel ✈️ Agent: Wow! Thank you for sharing with us.
Customer: 3 Halloween What are you? Hungry Agent: Fair enough. Becky
Customer: answer my message message please Agent: Please check your DMs
Customer: efeab30c Agent: Do you receive this error when accessing a specific game?
Customer: is on orders being delivered this week. All three Prime orders that were due to be delivered haven’t arrived. Agent: I apologize that we missed the mark. What is the most recent tracking update? You can find that here
Customer: Is there a human working there or robots cant You see i have replied twice guyzzz pls call on <number> poorcustomerservice fraud complain Agent: Please don’t provide your details as we consider them to be personal information. Our Twitter page is visible to public.
Customer: Yeah idk the shipping company and it says “mike Ziemer” signed for it in the mail room at our building Laughing Out Loud Agent: that is okay! Thanks for checking! Please contact us by phone or chat and we can look into this
Customer: I’m going to continue to tweet until they respond, reach out, and take care of this issue. Agent: Hi Breanna. Did you file a baggage report with our Agents at the airport?
Customer: Check my account. You will see my ongoing calls and tickets. Agent: Thank you so much for reaching out can you send us a message so we can check things out. AaronB
Customer: Any luck with those new terms? Agent: Send me a message and let us see what is going on! NickSuzuki
Customer: A video game dude EVA helmet prjt and a plain box Agent: We love it, you rock!
Customer: I have been on hold w/ the claims dept for over an hour waiting for someone to answer. whyyyy Agent: Hi! I am sorry to hear about this. Please send me a message if you still need assistance. I am happy to help
Customer: The Waterfront Beach Resort in Huntington Beach has the slowest WiFi this Gold member has seen at your hotels in years. it is unusable. Agent: Our apologies. Please follow and message with your Hilton Honors number, full name and email address. Thank you.
Customer: updated to iOS 11.1 and there is so many glitches and bugs I found inside the update Agent: we would be happy to help. Send us a message and we can start there.
Customer: Dear Your new update sucks. It’s insanely hard to navigate. Can I downgrade please? Yours, American Hulu watchers hulu update Agent: Sorry! There is not a way to roll back, but we are working on making changes. For help navigating
Customer: why is my Xbox one squeaking i genuinely think there is a mouse living inside it. Agent: Hopefully no mouse! Let us know some details amp we will be happy to have a look with you. Tweet us any time.
Customer: sucks!!!!!! So rude! Left my bag somewhere and they wouldn’t help at all! ‍♀️ kept telling me they didn’t know why! Agent: we would like more info to see if we can help. Please message your bag file number.
Customer: Yes, I am using wifi. Date and time are correct. Only this game cannot be download Mobile Store. Other apps are fine. Agent: Got it. To resolve issues with the error code 0x803FB005, follow WPhoneUSer88s advice on this thread
Customer: TMobile So Bs My Internet Stop Working For 3 Hours Agent: Well, we would be happy to take a look at that and see what is going on, Jenny. message us, we are here to keep you connected. JoanO
Customer: I called customer service and was told my membership would not be renewed. I was just charged today. How do I get a refund? Agent: Canceling your Prime membership can be done here you will be shown your estimated refund there.
Customer: Can you possibly follow me back so I can send you a DM? Agent: we are now following you back Sean. We apologise for the delay in responding. Please send message including your full name, booking reference,
Customer: Do you have the writes to post all 1.225 episodes of DarkShadows fans to watch with membership? Agent: Hi, Travis! We have the rights to offer select eps at a time. we will share your interest in seeing more added in the future.
Customer: Updated my phone last night amp now its stuck in headphone mode, cant hear anything on video, FaceTime amp call sound goes inamput Agent: we would like to help. let us take this to message and we will elore ways to provide you assistance.
Customer: . when your employees talk shit right in front of me in Spanish and think I do not understand it? entiendo Agent: that is troubling to hear. Please provide more details Becky
Customer: just purchased iTunes movie on ATV in HD. Stops to buffer and stream every 5 minutes. Very unpleasant eerience. Never had issues with movies. showing 30 mbps DL‍♂️ Agent: We want to help with your Apple TV. Click here to reach our team that can assist with your Apple
Customer: Thank you for the 3 Burritos!! you are the best Chipotle 3dollarburritos halloweentreat Agent: That bowl looks amazing! Nicely done. We appreciate you stopping by. Becky
Customer: just for completeness ordered arrived just now... over an hour late Agent: I require your full name, address and email. I can log your feedback. TY Chris
Customer: I purchased a game accidentally and I do not know how I would be able to go about getting a refund for it Agent: Glad to help! Please check the following article to receive further details about refunds
Customer: Let’s see if your social media team will respond here, as they obviously overlook negative feedback on Facebook. AmericanAirlines NoResponse Agent: Our sincere apologies for any last minute gate changes, we know that is not fun. Please let us know if we can help here.
Customer: It should not take over a week to give a justification for an app permission. That information should be in the app description. Agent: Thanks for your patience. The permission was required for crash reporting purposes. This will be removed in the next app update.
Customer: Hi, can you update PS4 PRO TO RECORD GAMEPLAYS IN 4K? Agent: Hi Éverton, Glad to help! Please post your feedback and ideas here
Customer: tw/ Another day another horrid lyft eerience had to spend the last 15 mins talking to my driver who did not believe adults can get raped. Agent: Please report this to our Critical Response Line by tapping the Call Me button at
Customer: What happened to cartoon network for ps vue? it is disappeared from my channel lineup sometime today. Agent: Hello! Regarding your question about Cartoon Network, could you please provide details? What device are you using to stream Vue?
Customer: you have got plenty of easy cook rice. it is the regular kind I am looking for. Agent: Have you spoken to any of my in store colleagues regarding the availability of long grain non easy cook rice? Kindest regards Hannah.
Customer: Does the store have any other deals? Agent: that is the only deal we have for the iPhone 5 SE at the moment.
Customer: The link didnt go to app instead asked me to buy movies I am looking for those on Amazon prime. Search function said did not exist Agent: I am sorry the link did not work. You can view the list of Audio Descriptions by clicking here
Customer: No. Como puedo contactarlo Agent: Quirino al ingresar al correo de confirmación de compra te aparecerá un enlace en el cual esta el número de guía de tu pedido. También puedes utilizar la siguiente información para contactar con el transportista
Customer: i have a question Agent: Hello, do you have any account related concerns that we can help with? Our Social Care Team is here if you need us. Thanks. cr
Customer: somebody from please help meeeeee I am having the worst luck with your customer service Agent: Help has arrived! We are sorry to see that you are having trouble. How can we help?
Customer: never heard back Agent: Hola. I have got those songs. Can you follow us so I can message you the list?
Customer: do You run the direct BA flights lgw Lima / Lima LGW all year round? Was looking for Dec 2017, could not see any. Thanks Agent: Hi Diz, the Lima route is currently suspended for Winter 2017 from 29 Oct 2017 until 24 March 2018. Helen
Customer: Having anxiety bc I don’t have a car to go to for their 3 booritos at school☹️ Agent: I am so sorry about that. Becky
Customer: Tried I️t and I️t still doesn’t work Agent: Here’s what you can do to work around the issue until it’s fixed in a future software update
Customer: Got an email saying my password was changed Bt I did not change it asked to reset it still have not gotten the email to reset Agent: Yikes! Try resetting your password here If no luck, call us from the number on the same page.
Customer: For Halloween I am going as Crashing InDesign. thehorror Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: Help Agent: I am sorry to hear of any frustration. Please send a message with your PayPal email address and a screenshot of this charge.
Customer: 2025 W Thomas, Hammond La is HORRIBLE! They mess up drive through order and hang up the phone EVERY time we call! Agent: let us talk. message us.
Customer: Was looking to avail my coupon for 300 for opening chase account But the bank was ill staffed and my account opening postponed to tomorrow. My coupon eires today. Plz help Agent: Hi, you may request another coupon. Please click on the following link to request a coupon.
Customer: hallo ich hätte eine Frage kann man Prime auch mit einem Gutschein bezahlen? Agent: Geht leider nicht Du kannst für Amazon Prime einen Bankeinzug oder eine Kreditkarte verwenden.
Customer: I️ need answers because it’s annoying Agent: we would like to look into this with you. Which model do you have and is iOS 11.1 installed? Any steps tried so far?
Customer: Hello I’ve booked an American Airlines flight operated by Alaska will I still earn BA tier points on this flight? Agent: Hi Chaz, there is a Flight Calculator online that will tell you how many Avios and Tier Points you will receive. Helen
Customer: Unicorn! A flight where everyone gets a row! set up camp and will hand out candy. improv Agent: Why be anything else when you can be a unicorn? Glad you all could sit back and relax. See you again soon!
Customer: It’s secured. What’s next? Agent: We want to try a reset to your home network. Do you know where your back up battery is located?
Customer: How are you going help? Are you going to come cook this Agent: we will loop in the right people to dig into what is going awry. Becky
Customer: My download speeds constantly screech to a halt while up works just fine. I’m getting very tired of this. Agent: I am sorry you are having issues with your internet. You can find helpful troubleshooting tips here ...
Customer: That chipotle never fills there vinaigrette cups all the way up to the top Agent: The standard portion is two ounces, which is half of the cup. We should be happy to give you an extra one, though. Becky
Customer: I can’t change lock screen anymore from ‘wallpaper’ in settings. How do I do it now? Agent: we would be happy to help. Check out this link to for more information
Customer: I doubt it but thank you for replying! Agent: you are welcome. Not to worry, we will pass on your feedback to the right team. If you ever need us again, just say the word. we are always here for you /
Customer: Hi, Will you be fixing the bugs and crashes on Zoo Tycoon Ultimate Animal Collection Xbox One Version? Many Thanks Agent: Hey there! we would like to message so we can collect more info, let us know when you are Following us?
Customer: Why does sucker you in with s promise that a driver is 1 minute away, then it becomes 6? Is this a Systems problem or fraud? Agent: Hey there! we would like to look into this. Please message us the phone number on your account so we can assist you further.
Customer: It gets stuck sideways and it will go up to previous messages and not show me the latest until I close the app and reopen. Agent: Got it. Which device are you eeriencing this on? Let us know in DM, and we will go from there.
Customer: Ya los empeze a seguir Agent: Te hemos enviado un mensaje privado con instrucciones a traves de Twitter.
Customer: I tried to upgrade to premium for 6.99 and my card was charged twice, and i am not even upgraded..please advice! Agent: Hey there! Can you message us your accounts username and email address? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: why don’t you deliver? Agent: We do deliver. Check if we deliver to your area here
Customer: I did...which said WE CANNOT DO ANYTHING...same as customer service...which triggered My reply...I am just asking basic question here Agent: Sorry to know about that. Kindly reply to the email and we will get in touch with an update. Appreciate your patience.
Customer: hi, you added a telephone to my bill even though i didn’t ask for it, how can i cancel it? Agent: Kennie, I can take a look into this for you. Please message your full name and address. Thanks Karen
Customer: we had a grocery delivery delivery due between 9 10 no one has turned up and we haven’t had any contact. Agent: Sorry Emma, did you receive your order or speak with someone? Ceri
Customer: Hi! Trying to cancel award booking that I booked in less than 24 hours online and it says that I have to pay to cancel. could you help me with cancellation? Agent: May I have your confirmation number?
Customer: nothing but the most respect for and this 3 BOOrito Agent: Nothing but love for you, my friend. Becky
Customer: I asked no tomatoes on anything and they left them on. Agent: Oh no. Where did this happen?
Customer: What are your targets for next season? I see your prices go up, so I assume you have set performance targets reflective of that. Agent: We do not have that information here I am afraid Andy
Customer: email Agent: We recommend deleting the Tweet that contains your email address as social media is not a secure place to provide ...
Customer: I booked a trip with you tonight, and after I paid for the trip the driver never came and the drive was completed in the app, what can we do to get our money back? Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: hi I was incorrectly charged 3 times the quoted price for my Uber pool. Can I get a refund amp join the ride pass program? Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: Amex Platinum and Amex everyday card. Agent: What exactly is the issue you are having?
Customer: Yall got 47 minutes Agent: Please message us your tracking, delivery address and contact number via the link so we can look into this for you.
Customer: I’d fly any day of the year, but they make Halloween really fun to travel on Agent: HalloWN for the win! We sure enjoyed spending this spooky day with you, Abbye.
Customer: Everyday I have to switch frequencies on my from 2g to 5g and back. Now there is an outtage. AGAIN!! GETTING !! Agent: we would love to have you with Fios. Check out the promos we have for new customers at
Customer: maybe next time your Elida road store will give me my fries and leave the pubes out of my buddies slider iphone8 Agent: Please email more details to email amp we will address.
Customer: eversource is fixing sequin st <number> hoping Cox can restore service at 25 tomorrow poles going in tonight no tv or phone Agent: know if your services are still down. 3 Mary
Customer: fuck you fix my connection Agent: This is really concerning to us and we would love to help. Can you let us know what issues you are having with your connection.
Customer: come on guys. We spend a lot of money to have this service up and we are on 2 days without. Poor service Agent: Hi Glen, I can check what is happening in your area. Please message us your full name and street address. Mary
Customer: Dear , I have an online order which I never received who can I talk to? Agent: We want to help out. Look here to talk with our Online Support
Customer: hi I bought psn off the Ps store for £49.99 which come with 1050 FIFA points but I have not received the FIFA points? Agent: We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: I could not even eat the chorizo because it was too tough. Very dissatisfied. Agent: Finally I will need the bottom most row of digits on your receipt. Nick
Customer: Please do not help.u have very useless process of helping.if You want plz refund me atleast in time which is also now least eected Agent: Please share your details in the link provided above, we will check the issue and assist you accordingly.
Customer: thoroughly disappointed in queso... ... can’t even power through it and finish...just bad.. but thanks for the boorito Agent: I am so sorry you are not a fan, and we are still working to perfect our recipe. I hope you give it another shot soon. Becky
Customer: I am trying to buy cod ww2 with PayPal and it says purchase may not be complete check your transaction history. Help please Agent: Hello Ricardo! Please check your DMs for assistance.
Customer: I luh yall but what is the point of being early if we have to sit and wait on a gate? ijs... Agent: We know how you feel, Monique. Thanks for hanging with us as we work to get you on your way!
Customer: wheres twicetagram by twice Agent: Hey! Fingers crossed we will be able to have it soon, but there is info about Spotify content here /
Customer: iphonex What are you doing TMobile? Placed my order at like 600 am in the morning on Friday! Agent: let us go over your order! send me a DM. MikeVance
Customer: just sent me an email giving me 20k miles for a flight delay I complained about on Twitter. Nice job, my friends. Agent: we are glad that our team was able to help. Have a fantastic evening!
Customer: I have only one question why does my service work about 20 of the time while i pay 100 of the bill ALL the time? Roger Agent: If you will message me the account number, I will be happy to help in any way I can. Lexie
Customer: Again though, why? They were not in the previous version and there is nothing in the what is new section that correlates to the new permissions Agent: Can you please follow us Jack, so we can send you some info? O2Guru
Customer: Hi! My flight for tomorrow was purchased as business select fare but it gave me a B boarding pass number instead of A1A15..can you correct this? Agent: Hmm, we may need to take a closer look, Carolyn. Feel free to message your confirmation number.
Customer: help! My vehicle registration eires today. I paid my license dept last week but have not received it in the mail, to upload. Agent: we are here to help! Send us a note here, and our team will be in touch.
Customer: Here is this pop up that keeps coming up Agent: Thanks, but we would suggest deleting your tweet as it contains some sensitive info. Can you send it via DM? let us continue chatting there /
Customer: cannot believe do not provide free food on flights costs £300 but are happy to do so at £45. Rip off Britain! Agent: Hi Jake, our shorthaul Euro traveller cabin operates a buy on board menu, all other flights have complimentary meals. Helen
Customer: hola realice 2 compras fifa 18 y cod wwii en digital pero lo he recibido el código de descuento me ayudan id roriak Agent: Hola Cesar! Por favor siguenos en Twitter para brindarte asistencia por mensajes directos.
Customer: Not at this time. Thank you! Agent: My pleasure! Have a great rest of your day and reach out again if you need anything in the future!
Customer: big thanks to your employee finding my left on plane headphones amp holding until my return greatcustomerservice Agent: So great to hear that you were reunited with your headphones!
Customer: is easily the worst cable or dish provider out there if you are an NBA fan. Their league pass is a joke. Agent: Hello, I am sorry to see that you feel this way and I would be happy to help! Can you please message more detail? ~
Customer: is this how You treat immigrants who trusted You with their funds. I see dis as You been racially abusing imigrants. ReleasemyFund Agent: Pls send us your full name/ZIP/phone/account type so our Social Care Team can help you. cr
Customer: Order date 06Oct2017 Order <number> Order total 3,719.00 1 item check out yourself Agent: Please do not provide your details, we consider it personal information. Our Twitter page is visible to public.
Customer: Really .. 7hour international flight and no seat back entertainment screens.. c’mon Agent: We hear you, Liam. we are working as fast as we can to update our fleet and will soon have super fast WiFi to stream movies.
Customer: THANK YOU!!! YOU ARE A REAL MVP!!! Agent: Glad we could help you out!
Customer: Too long a story for 140 characters. Feel free to call me Agent: help us. Thanks. Jane
Customer: Thank you! Much appreciated Agent: We have resent the itinerary to your email, Teya. Yes, baggage and seats was assisted accordingly. ThanksSha
Customer: more than an hour and a half waiting on the pizza. And it’s still not here. Agent: we are sorry for the wait! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thanks!
Customer: Amazonで頼んだ商品が届かないよぉ 追跡は配達完了になっておる 郵便局に電話したけどどーなるんだろ Agent: ご心配をおかけしております。 配送業者にすでにご確認中とのことですので、一旦配送業者からの回答をお待ちくださいませ。 なお、配送業者からの回答をお待ちいただいても商品がお手元に届かない場合は、下記URLよりカスタマーサービスにご連絡ください。
Customer: Got my BOOrrito! A tradition for 3 years Agent: And hopefully many more to come. Jen
Customer: Pls share the no from which call is being Agent: Please share the alternate contact number so that our team can get in touch with you. Regards, Sanket.
Customer: Ebay is super slow and extra glitchy today! Making my listing process fun and productive! Thanks!!! Fix the site please. Agent: that is no good. we will definitely look into that. Are you still seeing that issue? Please let us know.
Customer: My fucking internet Comcast just took a AGAIN!! These mufuckaz making me wanna snap. Always talking bout towers and technician n more Agent: Hello, I apologize for the delayed reply. Are you still having issues with your internet at this time?
Customer: sooooooo any plans to fix all these bugs from the software updates for the iPhone 7?? Agent: we are here to help. What iOS version are you on?
Customer: you are not fooling me I know the typing I hear when I talk to your robot is a sound effect. Agent: Are you having a billing or service issue that I can assist you with today?
Customer: Though the PS4Pro is not for the same reason as with XB1X, it is connected to the TV for 4K output ... Agent: Thanks for that info. let us change the color space to PC RGB and then change TV resolution to automatic or 1080p if that is possible.
Customer: What in gods name is this....!! I ordered 2 soft tacos w/ extra cheese. where is the lettuce?? really ? Agent: This is not okay. Where did you get this?
Customer: NEVER order from online because thy send multiple defective items and don’t care for customer satisfaction Agent: Our goal is to provide best service possible. message us with your order number, and the email associated with your order.
Customer: Getting sick on a plane is no fun!! Thanks to my flight attendants amp my charades champ bf for being quick amp calm. TexasBound Agent: Oh no! we have always got your back, Chelsey. We hope you feel better soon!
Customer: I’ve got a screenshot saying my iPhoneX is reserved for the 3rd then an email saying it’s the 18th... what happened? Agent: Go ahead and send us a message please. Let us know the country you are in.
Customer: is a fuckin joke... would not recommend this bank to no one. Agent: Did something happen? If so, tell me about your eerience no account numbers, and I will do my best to help.
Customer: Hi Jay, I was using the my Fios app Agent: Is it possible we can run this test from a wired connection to see what we are getting there?
Customer: My 3.17 costume just saved me 3.69 at ! Boorito Halloween Halloween2017 Agent: Totally worth it. Becky
Customer: lil help? Agent: we would love to help. message us which iOS device you are eeriencing this issue on to get started.
Customer: Cortana recognizes it, but it does not work the same way. Specifically, I cannot use it in some apps, such as Crunchyroll. Home amp Store work. Agent: Correct, some of the voice commands have been removed or switched to Cortana commans.
Customer: The staff in the counter issued the boarding pass for me and my wife but they didnt board us on the plane Agent: contact telephone number. we will look at it for you. Thanks. Liz
Customer: Already responded. No response. New order is 30minutes late. would do a better job. Using them from now on. Loyal customer just lost. Agent: Happy to help! Please confirm your email address or phone number through direct message so we can further assist.
Customer: azTechHelp Is there an easy way to transfer files from Azure File Store to Azure Data Lake? Agent: Hello! We have some documentation that may help Let us know if we can assist further!
Customer: I am in Greenock, and I have tried value stuff and it is not cheaper for nothing. Dreadful stuff. Agent: I am sorry to hear we have no easy cook long grain rice Louise. I would like to register your comments for you, can you message your full name and address? TY Jayne
Customer: glad we paying 100/ month for internet that doesnt work. Thanks!! Agent: Hello, let me do some research on the account to see what is causing this problem. Please message for assistance, thank you.
Customer: when you order one topping on each half but they decide to put them both on the same side. I am dissapointed Agent: we are sorry your pizza arrived this way! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thanks!
Customer: I see You ignoring me you have a lot of nerve making it impossible to watch Agent: I do apologize for the inconvenience and I will be happy to help. Can you message me your account number?
Customer: Please elain this Agent: I am sorry it has not arrived! We strive to meet the delivery date in your confirmation email. Have we missed that date?
Customer: Ok ya los estoy siguiendo, quedo atento a su respuesta Agent: Te hemos enviado un mensaje privado a traves de Twitter con instrucciones.
Customer: I ordered a delivery to the correct address and my delivery person “completed” the order but I NEVER got it. I’m hungry. now! Agent: we are so sorry to hear that! Please message us your account email so we can look into this asap!
Customer: Yep. Challenging. Frustrating. Things you don’t need when you’re just trying to watch Bob’s Burgers. Agent: we are sorry to hear this, Heather! Anything in particular about the new app that you find frustrating? we are here to help.
Customer: I do not need a lot to be happy a and Centurion lounge in the same airport pretty much does it. Agent: I like where your heads at. Becky
Customer: According to reservations when I spoke with them they said it was nothing that they could do I am dissapointed Agent: If we can take a look, then please message your record locator and details.
Customer: Thanks. Do you have any other suggestion? Agent: To better assist you, send us a Direct Message. For security purposes, kindly delete your tweet that contains your email address.
Customer: You want something spooky today? Fly because it is a nightmare Agent: we are sorry that is been your eerience. Please let us know if we can help in some way.
Customer: , it’d be nice if the book I waited 4 months for wasn’t damaged inside of an undented box. twinpeaks twin… Agent: I am sorry your book arrived this way! You can find replacement/refund options here
Customer: why does it say eired for the atom tickets if we had until the 27 to redeem? Agent: We are right here for you and ready to take a closer look. I want to be sure you are able to enjoy your Tuesday goodies. Send us a message and we can check this out. JeremyJ
Customer: Okay thank you, just seems weird that all areas around the city can get Comcast but not in the city or the surrounding one mile Agent: There sometimes are contracts in place that inhibit us from servicing certain parts in your area. I wish there was more we could do. Ra
Customer: how much for the iPhone x with the jump? I’m not spending 200 plus on a phone sry Agent: we would love to provide you all the details, please message for info! JohnWard
Customer: Thank you! Agent: you are welcome.
Customer: Adjusting my life goals to include inventing a device that evenly spreads the ingredients in my burrito cc Agent: Let us know how it goes! Becky
Customer: I ordered chips but they forgot to put it in my bag.... now I’m sad.. a sad cone Agent: I would be a sad cone, too. I am sorry. Let a manager know about this next time you are in so we can make amends. Becky
Customer: In other news, service sucks. it is not a secret. Can we have Time Warner Cable back? Thanks. Agent: If there is something specific I can assist you with please feel free to send me your phone or account number in a private message.
Customer: i’ve been trying to erase something on Adobe Illustrator, only to find out its a smudge on my computer screen. Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: Right, I understand. What I don’t understand is how my score went from a 5 to 4.82 after one trip when I didn’t do anything during my ride Agent: Your rating is a average of recent trips. Try not to worry, your rating will go up with future positive rides!
Customer: What is a message Agent: Sorry for any confusion! message = direct message.
Customer: Called USPS for delivery info. Estimated hold time for the next representative is FIFTY MINUTES. As YOUR customer, I should not be doing this Agent: we are able to contact the carrier on your behalf using the link LH provided above.
Customer: hey apple ! What is going on with the iPhones ?? Every time I️ type the letter “I️” I️ get a symbol. Which you see right now! Agent: let us team up and get the exclamation point working right. Which model do you have? Is iOS 11.1 installed?
Customer: Ini kenapa setiap buka app mesti login lagi? Agent: Hey! We can help out in English via Twitter, but we also have Indonesian support via email at /
Customer: My Flight a review of British Airways Club World Agent: we are totally adopting the there are no calories up in the air rule, Ana. We hope you had a great time in NYC! Lolly
Customer: can i block a community from sending me invites to something i dont want to join Agent: Glad to help. Please share the details of this issue in our Community forum for further investigation
Customer: whenever I contact customer support, they tell me I have shortcode enabled on my account, but I have never in the 4 years I have tried Agent: Please send me a private message so that I can send you the link to access your account.
Customer: I’ve gotten locked out of my personal account and I want to get back into it I need help Agent: We are here to help. Please send us a message and we will get started looking into this for you.
Customer: My order is due to arrive on Friday Agent: Orders can ship at any time once the order has been processed it will be assigned a tracking number.
Customer: Our pilot and copilot on tonight!! Love it!! Agent: , Have a great week.
Customer: You have a new team member starting tomorrow and called the wrong person about orientation! Someone message me. We cannot get in touch. Agent: We suggest you contact the store location that called. Thanks!
Customer: will be Xbox Play Anywhere title? Agent: Hello! We suggest keeping up to date on news by checking regularly.
Customer: Just got my 3 bowl at love love love Agent: that is what we like to hear! What did you order? Becky
Customer: yo are you doing the 3 dollar burritos all night or just for a specific time? Agent: we are doing it all night – come on in! Becky
Customer: Yes Agent: Please check the connection on your splitter to make sure it is secured.
Customer: Always appreciate the gangsta bear to welcome me back home. , thoughts on keeping these friendly cuties? Agent: Hey, great question, and I honestly knot sure if we will stay or go. Tara
Customer: not sure why my CC in my acct had an incorrect date, but my renewal for ps failed. How can I correct this? Agent: Sorry to hear that! For billing issues, please follow the steps in the next link
Customer: I sent you guys a message about a story! Thanks in advance for any help you can provide. Agent: Please follow this link for your request. Thank you.
Customer: . one of your sales reps called me an asshole on the phone! Unbelievable. Agent: I do apologize that happened. I will be happy to help out and assist. Do you mind talking to me through DM?
Customer: It’s working now, thank you. Agent: Sounds great, and please let us know in the future if we can help. Dan
Customer: why are the last 2 episodes of Will and Grace season 8 missing? Agent: We got you, Chandler! The 2part finale is under Clips on the classic Hulu app and Extras in the new app. Enjoy!
Customer: why does your app tell me it cannot connect to your supercomputer? imhungy. I want to order some burritos Agent: We turned off online ordering for our Boorito promo. My apologies for any frustration. Becky
Customer: Not at airport. Flight is tomorrow. Pls fix this and guarantee them seats like they paid for. Agent: We do not oversell our flights, so their seats are guaranteed. Please have them message us their confirmation code. we will take a look.
Customer: you suck Agent: Hello, what happened? we are here to help! Please let us know if there is anything we can do. Thank you. cr
Customer: Gotta hand it to their staff is entirely dressed up for Halloween amp I’m delighted Agent: they are good are not they Luke! we have got into the spirit at the office here as well
Customer: remove network logos from your streams. it is going to cause burn in on my oled discourages binge watching. Agent: we will be sure to share that along to our team, Ramana! Feel free to add anything youd like to see here
Customer: this thread seems to be where a lot of people are saying they are having issues. no one can pinpoint the solution. Agent: Just to clarify, have your tried following the troubleshooting methods provided by Andre Da Costa on the link you provided?
Customer: Best Halloween treat is always the Boorito from ! Agent: Agreed. What did you wear as your costume? Becky
Customer: How in the heck am I supposed to eat this? Agent: Oh no. Where did you get this?
Customer: pay for baggage to go in the hold and no bags arrive because the plane hold is “too small” what a absolute joke!! delta airlines Agent: Oh no. Sorry to hear that. Please message your baggage file reference number so that we can look into this.
Customer: 1948, from SFO to LAX. Been a loyal customer since day one and have never eerienced a mess up, let alone near disaster like this. Agent: It look like we did an airplane swap, we should have you on your way very soon. Andre
Customer: Refused shipment on the way back. Agent: Oh my! Just to clarify, can you tell us who the carrier of this order is?
Customer: You just lost a prime member of many years. Not only did You mess up 3 consec orders, You refuse to make good on them. Agent: I am sorry! we would love to help where we can. Please give us more details without sharing personal account information.
Customer: My upload speeds are trash. Elain. Agent: Can you please message us your account info so we can assist with any connectivity issues?
Customer: uber charging GST before discount?? This is not correct. Agent: Here to help! Send us a note here, and our team will follow up.
Customer: My costume? I’m a guest wine hour of course! Always pet friendly, even on Halloween Agent: we have spotted a winner, Jason one of our favorite costumes yet. Looks like you amp your wine are protected from all the monsters.
Customer: actually that is a broken link you sent me and incorrect information Agent: The information pertaining to the account assumption is correct. This does need to be done at a local outlet wit...
Customer: 1 hour inside an old Altima that smells and has ripped stain seats, with an ineerienced miami driver standards down now 4 applying! Agent: we are sorry to hear this was your eerience, Ray. Please contact us via and we will be in touch.
Customer: it is not something that insurance should deal with 2 months out. you will resell them and profit twice. No other industry sells the same Agent: This allows a full refund cancellation if any mistakes are recognised. Alex
Customer: Idk if it was the baby food or the chipotle or the combination of both but my stomach on trash rn Agent: This is concerning to hear. Please let our team know at the link Jen
Customer: really knows how to celebrate Halloween. I have basically no internet centurylinksucks Agent: I apologize for the poor eerience you have had with us. If there is anything that I can help you with, please message me. Lexie
Customer: Hey , what’s up with this new autocorrect? Happening on iPhone 7 Plus and iPhone 7. Agent: let us take a look at this issue together. Which iOS version is your device currently running?
Customer: Hi, help me please/Oi, me ajudem por favor Agent: I have responded to your DM, please take a look.
Customer: Hey and your drivers are absolutely terrible around cyclists and pedestrians plz provide training! vulnerable Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: My third store stop for Halloween was . Had great fun, posed with several customers and employees. HappyHalloween2017 Agent: Looks like fun! You really livened up the place. gojira kingofmonstersDanny
Customer: Ummm, how often do you move the restoration times? I have no cable but a mile away does? Agent: and the phone number associated with your account so I can look into your concerns. Thanks!
Customer: your wonderful service will not let me watch Fox, so I cannot watch the World Series ..thanks Agent: Oh no, do you get an error and does it happen on all TVs?
Customer: You really couldn’t have put a little more material in this quesadilla ? I paid 4 for a single raw tortilla Agent: We can do better. message us.
Customer: What the hell kind of service are you running? Surely you shouldn’t accept an order if there are no riders available? 1 hr wait Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: Wheels down Htown! Views Agent: All that glitters is gold when you are onboard! See you again soon!
Customer: Eye can’t type the letter eye without it changing to a? ... yes I️ reset the keyboard Agent: we would love to help! Which version of iOS are you currently updated to? What Keyboards do you have installed?
Customer: Call me on <number>. I have already spent a good part of my day taking to ur useless customer service and chatting. Not going to fill. Agent: Unless the form is filled we would not be able to offer any further insight in this case. Thanks for understanding.
Customer: Yes, after the update. I Phone 7 Agent: Got it. Does this happen while using any particular App or feature? Let us know via a DM. We’ll keep moving forward from there.
Customer: when will the bug in the calendar app be fixed? I upgraded to iOS 11.1 and it still crashes when iOS 11.03 Agent: we would like to help. What is going on with the app?
Customer: nice to know that you bend over your paying customers and do not offer any help with important changes. Absolute JOKE Agent: ...anxiety, frustration, and inconvenience that we have caused. TJN
Customer: I loved how your employees embraced the day amp made fun! Glad you like the pic. it is my thank you to you all so enjoy! Agent: Halloween is a big deal here at Southwest and we love being a part of the festivities. we are glad to hear you had fun with us today!
Customer: stop spamming me! Agent: Our apologies. Please follow and message with the phone number to remove from any of our marketing lists. Thank you! ~
Customer: I am yet to receive my refunds, this is 48hrs nw and recharging my line is bcoming an issue as my credit does not last on my line. Agent: Good morning Datonye. We apologize, kindly exercise patience. We are still looking into it. Thank you.
Customer: Went to three locations looking for a working atm... finally gave up and paid the surcharge at another bank. ☹️ Get it together Agent: we would like to have someone look at those ATMs. Can you please tell us the At The Moment location?
Customer: Flew the other day. Best. Safety. Video. Ever. Agent: Hi David, so pleased you enjoyed our safety video. Hope we can welcome you on board again very soon. Jo
Customer: my slider today. The chicken was tiny, and gristle. Took them 20 mins to get me my food, and they forgot my sauce. nothappy Agent: We apologize, Alexandra. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: Still waiting for help. I have no cash and you locked my card until midnight. All local branches are closed. Agent: I tried to call you and your voice mail is full. Please message us when you are available. kl
Customer: having to order from Sainsburys as your site does not allow me to change my current home address. Agent: Once I have those details I will be able to look in to this for you and see what I can do to help. TY Paul
Customer: your 55 and over plan you say its 60 . Verizon does not have that plan and say you have hidden fees on top of that T or Agent: No hidden fees here! Check out all the details MikeRice
Customer: Horrible customer service with doordash this evening. Horrible food delivery service company. Dont use them! Agent: Hi Chad. So sorry about your eerience. Please message us your information and we will be in contact to resolve. Thanks DoorDash
Customer: my dad bought me a ticket and i have no idea if i can bring a carryon with my personal item... can you help?! Agent: Absolutely, please message your 6 letter record locator and we will let you know.
Customer: Spectrum down again in NYC. Never had this problem with 3 years of Time Warner. Agent: Hello, I am happy to look into your internet services. Can you message your account name and full address?
Customer: So is back fucking me again with my BUSINESS plan internet. Super cool company. I do not recommend. Agent: I do not want you to feel this way. what is going on? Colleen
Customer: is the worst customer service Agent: I would love the chance to review the account and provide assistance.
Customer: I tried it and the same thing Agent: Hi there! Just to check, are you plugged into a power strip, surge protector, or directly into a wall socket?
Customer: all treat, boarding group A35 and I’m sitting in row 2. HappyHalloween2017 Agent: So happy to hear that, Brent! We love sharing Halloween with you. Enjoy your flight.
Customer: Cheers!!! See yous in 12 hrs!! Agent: We cannot wait!
Customer: Disconnected from chat 3 times tonight so I would have to start over again, and my issue still is not resolved. 3 hours waisted! Agent: Oh no! What issue are you running into? You can also try giving us a call from the on this page
Customer: . thanks for no replies whatsoever on my complaint.an you please tell me what more should I do? Agent: Please fill in your details using the link and I will get in touch with you soon. AK
Customer: Tudo bom ??? Todos estão com o mesmo problema e é sempre com o iPhone 7 o que está acontecendo??? Agent: Since our Twitter support is available in English, get help at or join
Customer: at least half of this has food in it. Guess im not going to that location amymore. Agent: let us make up. message us.
Customer: hey what’s going on with the letter I . When i start to. Type this happens below Agent: let us look at this together. To begin, are you completely updated to iOS 11.1?
Customer: Hey and anyone else who upgraded to ios11.1, are y’all having issues with capital “I️” in the Mail app? As it puts in “A”? Agent: Hey, let us work together to figure out what is going on. Meet us in message and we will continue from there.
Customer: Wow thanks not sure you could have beat the crap out of the package anymore?!?! Agent: Was anything damaged inside?
Customer: so fed up of this very familiar sight at Houghton Regis. Get more staff amp stock the place properly. This is just a small example Agent: Hi there, sorry about that. Please message me when you visited the store and I will look into this. Thanks Kirsty
Customer: Hi there! Since I have your attention, could you tell corporate for me that Pilar and Jaimie atAdmirals Club T2 SFO are AMAZING. Thanks! Agent: we are more than happy to do that, Myra. Please message your record locator and we will share your awesome kudos. AATeam
Customer: . . . Agent: Hi there! Just to clarify, have you tested resetting the console following the steps here When
Customer: I have filed a complaint numerous times Agent: we are sorry to hear about this. In this case, you can also submit a ticket to our Critical Response team at
Customer: Thanks robbie. Ecclesall rd Sheffield Agent: Thanks Will. Can you message us your Nectar card number via the link please? we will pop on a refund and feed this back. Lauren
Customer: why aren’t you available in India.. Agent: Hey! we are launching in new countries as often as possible. Be sure to add your email at /
Customer: Im Finna Call You Agent: How may we be of assistance to you? We are always happy to help.
Customer: earns our gratitude and respect. Thank you, Apiola, for representing your company well. Agent: Thanks for the shoutout!. We appreciate you!
Customer: Thanks Amber! Returning all my Charter Spectrum stuff tomorrow if they don’t make any changes in my account!! SeeYouSoon Agent: Awesome Megan! Please send your telephone number and address, and we will take care of you. Awaiting your reply! Thank you.AmberC
Customer: i cannot sent the project ? Agent: Hi, did you do a search on your computer for the file name? Did you check in the Creative Cloud folder on your computer?
Customer: still not working Agent: Please start your system in safe mode and select restore default settings. Steps here
Customer: I ordered a ghilie suit with one day shipping for Halloween 3 days ago and guess what can’t do anything now because I don’t have it Agent: I am sorry your suit did not arrive before Halloween. Did we miss the delivery date shown here
Customer: , hi, I have bought an Amazon echo for for a present do they also need an Amazon alexa? Agent: Alexa is a free download you will need to setup your new Amazon Echo! You can learn more here
Customer: iOS 11 is killing my battery . Fix it. Agent: we are here to help. Which exact iOS version is your device running? This info can be found under Settings gt General gt About.
Customer: na ultima atualização da entrega do meu pedido, consta que não foi possível localizar o meu endereço, poderia ajudar? Agent: Olá Georgiano. Sinto muito em saber disso. Por favor entre em contato com o nosso SAC no seguinte link
Customer: hi you have yet to refund me for the ride where the driver took me to the wrong location and grabbed my arm Agent: Please report this to our Critical Response Line by tapping the pink Call Me button at
Customer: Help! My computer has been like this since yesterday amp I need it. I don’t know what to do. Agent: Use the link below to send us a Direct Message. We’ll meet you there, and we can work towards a resolution together.
Customer: HELP EVERYTIME I️ TYPE I️ ONLY SYMBOLS COME UP I️ WANT TO BE ABLE TO TALK ABOUT MYSELF Agent: We know it is important to have your device working correctly. we would like to help. let us meet in .
Customer: Why does this keep happening ? OW and the PS4 are both up to date. I cannot risk placements with this ish. Agent: Here to assist! Troubleshooting steps for the error code CE348780 are available here
Customer: your employees are just roaming around like walkers while the line for tellers is 10 long, not efficient at all. tooslow Agent: Please message the street/city/state of the financial center where this happened. rr
Customer: is a joke. Made us wait 50 minutes just to tell us they cannot fulfill the order and cancelled it Agent: Here to help! Please send us a note at and we will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: creditcard Agent: Please delete your last post so your information is not public. let us speak privately via DM. ~
Customer: Si, que la información de la tarjeta es incorrecta, asociada a PayPal, y una de las compras la hice sin problemas, un minuto antes. Agent: Revisa el siguiemte enlace para problemas al introducir la información de cobro
Customer: No I cannot see anything about an eiry date in the email Agent: If you do not see an eiration listed, then you should be fine just to check, though, can you message us the code you are curious about?
Customer: My drying rack was broken when I opened the box. What should I do ? Agent: I am sorry your order arrived damaged, Marsha! You can see available options for that item here
Customer: Series1 Applewatch would consistently get 18 hrs per charge prior to last update. Now 1213 hrs max.Died gym 2nite. What The F... ? Agent: We want your Apple Watch to keep up with you at the gym. To begin, which watchOS is installed?
Customer: 諸事情でamazonプライム使ったんだけど、これ早く解除しないとお金取られちゃうんだっけ…今回だけなんだよね、どうしても今日ほしいのは…ついでにはいび〜写真集頼んじゃったけども Agent: こんにちは。30日後のプライム本会員への自動移行をご希望されない場合は、こちらから自動更新をオフにしていただけますgt プライム特典の一覧はこちらですgt
Customer: Boorito!!! One of my favorite Halloween traditions. love Agent: Same! what is your goto order? Becky
Customer: Alexa, häng die Wäsche auf ?! Amazon Ariel AmazonEcho Agent: ... das wäre toll! Soweit ist sie aber noch nicht. Wird eher in die Richtung Hey, deine Wäsche ist fertig! Zack zack, aufhängen! gehen.
Customer: azTechHelp unable to connect to hyperledger virtual machine. connect button is grayed out. Agent: We wanted to check back in and see if the documentation provided has helped you? Let us know!
Customer: is there an SMS outage? I have been unable to log into my account due to 2FA text and unable to do text banking. Thanks. Agent: Hi there. I suggest that you call <number> immediately for assistance from a banker. You can get back to us if further review is needed.
Customer: why is doing this never had this problem before Agent: Our apologies as we have no control how they choose to provide their content. You can try searching from the guide using the B button for your local line up.
Customer: Hey how the stinker does this route make any sense? Dasher literally just drove right by my house. Agent: Thanks for this message. Sorry for the trouble. Please message us with your email address amp we will reach out right away!
Customer: Your drivers having extremely awful body odour is an actual problem Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: is your mobile ordering system down? Agent: it is just turned off for tonight during our Boorito promo. it will be back on tomorrow. My apologies for any frustration. Becky
Customer: Where did you send it, Guam? Agent: The flight was delayed out of SJC due to air traffic control restrictions. It is due to arrive in EWR around 815 pm Sean
Customer: when are you gonna announce the next months ps games? Agent: At the moment we do not have details to share, Check our PSBlog to receive details about promotions
Customer: Hey why did you give our plane for flight 783 to flight 773? Our flight was scheduled to leave first badcustservice Agent: No, the aircraft has not been swapped. The inbound aircraft is coming from SJC and had an ATC hold. Arrival in EWR is 815 pm Sean
Customer: I’m missing my bag. Tag <number> on DL0140 MSP to CDG and DL8461/AF0192 to BLR, but was rebooked on EK072. What to do? Agent: Oh no, please file a lost baggage claim with EK, they will start the search for you.
Customer: If you have , be sure to check your phone bill since they’re charging people for 411 phone calls. Who really calls 411 these days!?! Agent: Thank you for reaching out to us. We would like to take a look into this. Please send us a Direct Message.
Customer: CAS19708536CB92N2 CRM0326600 Please check on this I have not heard from my case officer in weeks and provided all docs. Agent: We have replied to you via DM. Check it out Yana
Customer: I bought a 10 amp 1 key pack on rocket league today and haven’t received them but got an email confirming the purchase Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. We suggest reaching out to the developer for this known issue.
Customer: Hi! Im on the Xbox One S and I can t find a button on the side of the consol. Agent: Apologies for the confusion there, this would be located in the front right part of the console
Customer: Uhh... my 10 y/o just asked Alexa to play Halloween music. First song opening lyric yippee kiyay motherfucker. What The F... ?? Agent: Yikes! we would like to take a closer look into this. Please reach out with more information here
Customer: Sure you have a computer or a babysitter I could use Agent: me a message with a good contact number so that we can set up an appointment. 3 Latitia
Customer: <number> Kaye gerron Agent: You also may want to remove your phone number from the previous tweets as this is a public forum.
Customer: Happy Halloween. Nothing scarier than unmashed avocados in your guac. Agent: Again? I am so sorry. Did you write to us at the link? Becky
Customer: Ugh stop being such a tease Agent: Good day, please disregard the text message that you are receiving concerning your device being ready to pick.
Customer: is it possible to cancel a pre order Agent: Hi, if you would like to cancel a preorder, you can reach out to our chat team here.
Customer: My Kindle not working properly is breaking my heart! Agent: Oh no! we would like to help you with this, Kelly! Can you tell us more about what is happening with the Kindle? Thanks!
Customer: I need clarification, If I port from another network to glo and subscribe to your N5000 data plan, how many GB in total will I get? Agent: Hello Tolulade, you will get 100 data 24GB will be credited for 1st subscription.
Customer: LAS PHL 734 1135am not 1 smile between the whole crew amp your terminal for PHLDUB flight is awful! Agent: We have some of the best crew in the business and want you to know that we are glad to have you fly with us today. smilesfromustoyou!
Customer: I give you grief when things go poorly. Here’s some credit The guacamole in the Admirals Club is an outstanding addition. Agent: Oh my, that guac looks delish! Thanks for always sharing the good and the bad, Kevin. yummy
Customer: please spend time amp money to fix your app. Constant issues with it. Agent: Oh no, Barton! Have you tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app? Perhaps a power cycle too? Please let us know.
Customer: This was a good idea in theory but now I have a tummy ache Agent: I am sorry to hear this. Please let our team know at the link Jen
Customer: Do you offer paying for the iPhone X in full as opposed to the monthly payment plan? Agent: You can always paid the full price of your phone, but we do not have unlocked Iphones in stores. Thanks for asking!
Customer: could one of you beautiful humans slide in my dms. Agent: Thanks so much for reaching out to us. Shoot me a message so I can assist you today. ConnieMixson
Customer: just made a 35 ubereats order from and did not receive my burrito. Who should I contact? Agent: We can definitely take a look! Send us a note via so we can assist.
Customer: So how about my goddamned money Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: what’s up with ATT SportsNet in LV right now? i would sure like to watch the hockey game. Agent: Lara, what problems are you having? What channel are you on? Karen
Customer: The o2 Priority app again wants new permissions with no elanation. This time it is run at startup and draw over other apps. Please elain. Agent: we are not sure what you mean Jack. Please message us screenshots of what you are seeing.
Customer: I’m phoning to check if there is bicycle space before purchasing my tickets. If You could do this it would be brilliant amp i’d be very grateful Agent: When are you looking to travel?
Customer: What is 2nd Generation? I have Amazon Echo from US ? Not the Echo Dot. Agent: Please connect with us here over phone so we could elain you the difference.
Customer: Hi I never received an email today.?? Agent: Hey Justine, the email will be sent within 24 to 48 hours. Sean
Customer: I’m having trouble with My Choice account. Please Help! Agent: Thank you for reaching out to us. Please message us details of your concern or compliment include your tracking and phone number. do not forget to provide your shipping address.
Customer: Hey, Thanks for great flight from OAK to PDX. Appreciated the comp Halloween cocktail treat amp Minnie Mouses announcements! Agent: It was a pleasure having you onboard and spending HalloWN with you, Jeff. Come back and see us again soon!
Customer: I already chatted with help and am still not convinced I will get the right item because clearly the warehouse workers cannot read. Agent: Please keep us posted if a replacement was provided. We want to ensure you receive the correct phone case.
Customer: you wanted to charge me 9.98 usd extra because traffic was busy 15 Uber fees for a 17 meal I made it myself in 9 min... Agent: we are here to assist. Please send us a message of your email address so we can look into this with you.
Customer: can I just be ugly for my costume and still get food for 3? Agent: that is obviously a deviation from your norm, so yes. Becky
Customer: mi iPhone no se puede conectar a la red wifi privadas pero si a las free, que hago Agent: We offer support via Twitter in English. Get help in Spanish here or join
Customer: thanks for awesome flight home Dreamliner Agent: She sure is a gorgeous bird!
Customer: This hardly helps. Agent: Hi there! Send us a message with your email address so we can assist.
Customer: It was 4 loose pies in poly bag with a label.. local staff said different ingredients was the reason! Agent: Hi Stephen, I have contacted the store and they have informed me that it is due to the 6 pack currently being half price. Thanks Mark
Customer: why does my uppercase letter “I️” look so weird. Fix it please Agent: We can help! What keyboards do you have added? Is this issue only occurring in messages, or in other applications as well?
Customer: Dear how do i get my discovery playlist to stop suggesting Dutch music to me, it is been a year Agent: Hi there! Can you message us your accounts email address or username? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: Bruh You really just made me pay full price for my burrito I am tight Agent: Did you come dressed in costume? Tara
Customer: What if the generator is NEW in its original, unopened box? It does NOT have any fuel! Agent: At this time, generators are not allowed in checked luggage.
Customer: I just registered for Alaska Airlines Bay To Breakers! Agent: cannot wait to see you at the race! iRunAlaska Kimball
Customer: So I just found out chipolte has queso and my life has been significantly improved. Agent: Right? So clutch. Becky
Customer: hi, my playstation 4 freezes everytime i play a game. I have tried everything, i do not know how to fix it, what do i do? Agent: Sorry to know that. Do you see any kind of error message or error code?
Customer: Thanks for the Halloween candy and complimentary drinks on today’s flight! Agent: No tricks and all treats with us, Michelle! Thanks for choosing Southwest.
Customer: Hi,just wondering why the 2345 sleeper is not showing when I do a search for Paddington to Penzance on December 21st? Thanks Agent: Upgrade work is taking place though December. The timetable is being revised and is eected to be confirmed by the end of the week. Phil.
Customer: Pretty neat how ’s ‘live’ stream of the ballgame is two batters behind Twitter. Agent: We can let our team know youd like to see it minimized. Due to the nature of streaming, there is a slight delay from cable.
Customer: my package has been taking forever to arrive amp I have not been given an arrival date and I am wondering if you could help Agent: We can look into this for you. Please message us the tracking number for your package.
Customer: If you are in an airport, that line is out the door. Agent: that is the truth. it is just such a great option! Jen
Customer: There’s still an hour to dress up and get a 3 burrito from . tempting butiminmypjs Agent: Just come in your PJs – that is basically a costume! Becky
Customer: Comment doesn’t address problematic comment made by flight attendant. Agent: Please message your record locator. we would like to share this feedback with the Flight Service leadership team.
Customer: amazing picture of our countries flagship carriers jets!!! Agent: It is indeed and we are so proud! By the way, our team in ORD loves you too, Matt. AAfamily
Customer: it is called Argos Home. I had an email asking if I wanted one. Had one last year too. it is not that thick just has furniture in. Agent: You can check our website for all our offers and stock. Marc
Customer: I love my new 8!!!! NewPhoneFeels Agent: Excellent! If you have any questions just let us know, we are always a message away JohnWard
Customer: Your contact website isn’t working. It kept telling me to enter my street address, even though it was there! How can I contact you? Agent: My apologies, Wendy. You may call Reservations at one of the worldwide locations listed here
Customer: the fact that my laptop that I have not even had for two years keeps shutting off without warning at 15 is kind of ridiculous. Agent: let us see what we can find for you today. let us meet up in message to gather some specifics and we will proceed from there.
Customer: went to get the new iPhone 10 today and your sales rep wouldn’t even take the time to look up from his phone to help. veryrude Agent: Good day Jessica, we do not want you to continue having problems. Please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you.
Customer: AA1008 awesome job guys. On time departure, great service, arrived early. Thank you Agent: we are thrilled you had the real American eerience today, John! Thanks for your loyalty.
Customer: mobileCareXI My Xfinity internet is not working. Can you help? Agent: I can definitely look into this for you. Please message me your full address and phone number so I can better assist. –
Customer: How do I recieve the 2 and weapon unlock though, is it in my gam ready when I load it up? Agent: Please wait until launch, make sure you are on the main account that purchased and owns the content.
Customer: Finished the second season on the flight! So good! Agent: Ah! No spoilers! Thanks for flying with us, Kevin.
Customer: mobileCare Cable out Elkton md Agent: I see that you have recently posted about your Comcast services, message your account so I can look into this amp speak privately. ~
Customer: Fix COD Black Ops III for real getting dropped in 2 bullets while I have to hit 45 bullets Good Game really good job Agent: Please feel free to leave some feedback and suggestions here
Customer: trying to redeem a free tuesday code and its not letting me telling me theres an error can i get help with this? Agent: Yay for TMobile Tuesdays letss get you taken care of! Send a message my way ErikaHoleman
Customer: Do you happen to know when CODWWII will be released on steam? I know it is supposed to be the 3rd but my steam says the 4th Agent: Hi there, the game will be launch at this Friday, that is a glitch on steam. Any other inquiry let me know
Customer: Thanks for your reply Oliver. My Twitter wasn’t working very well last night so I telephoned the Executive Club. Agent: further. Jane
Customer: Hi I live in Newcastle, wheres my nearest store with an Irksh section? Man needs his Club Rock Shandy Agent: Hi Tom, can you confirm this is the item you are looking for? Thanks Peter
Customer: Just saw that my rating went down and I AM PISSED. Agent: Find out more info about how are ratings determined here
Customer: How did I not get a ride out of this surge!? I’m at the Four Seasons resort and there is only one car around me and it’s farther away. Thanks . scrubered. Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: help internet down Agent: Sorry to hear you are having issues with your service. Please message us your account information so I can take a closer look.
Customer: got this message few hours back. then hour later asked me if my account was working. I said no then the blocked me. Agent: we have responded to your .
Customer: did you get message i sent? Agent: I do not have a message from you. Can you please resend it.
Customer: DL the latest iOS today. Very laggy 6s. Phone is running like hammered dog shit since the . Agent: Are you seeing issues across all apps or are you noticing lag when performing specific tasks? Let us know in .
Customer: I just did 5 minutes ago Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can assist.
Customer: failure again on baggage. Service failed in handling situation as well. Disappointed and thinking about a change. Agent: we are saddened to learn you are upset with us. Is there anything we can assist you with here?
Customer: No. That opportunity has passed. Bad customer eerience amp Not going back ever again. FAIL Agent: Hey we are here and we want to help! If you have any questions feel free to shoot us a DM! KatGrisham
Customer: what happen to your system. I could not sent my refund info to e form Agent: Hi Firdaus, we has respond you via DM,see you there! Anwar
Customer: is it normal to not get a full cup when your order iced coffee feelingshortchanged Agent: This is not okay. Where did you get this?
Customer: I just registered for Alaska Airlines Bay To Breakers! Agent: Yay! Happy Bay2Breakers. iRunAlaska Kimball
Customer: Thank you!!! Agent: you are welcome! we are here for assistance in the future. ~
Customer: I got my chipotle!! Agent: Lots of green in that photo! I love it. Becky
Customer: this was on the 2nd of this November Agent: The VAS on the line has been deactivated. A refund is being processed. Kindly be patient.
Customer: Happy Halloween Agent: Have a prehistoric evening! Jen
Customer: Yes, I have the play and charge kit and have tried that. It is still not powering on. Agent: Thanks for that info. In this case, we would recommend reaching out to the chat team
Customer: You can help by lowering your fees! It’s ridiculous what you charge! Agent: Please message account information so I can help. Thank you.
Customer: hello I hate Halloween, Adobe programs, and bugs Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: it’s not nice to upset a kid my daughter on Halloween waitin’ for her dress it was prime and extra paid and you guys failed her ! Agent: I am sorry for the delay in delivery. Could you let us know from which website did you make the purchase?
Customer: Again Agent: We apologize for the trouble! Our team has recently responded via email. If you have further questions, please let us know.
Customer: Already started the return. UPS gets it from my doorstep tomorrow. Order <number> Agent: Provide your details here and my team will escalate the order to Amazon Logistics for feedback.
Customer: It was eected /31 so yes, it has passed. Agent: Please contact us so an agent can look into this for you.
Customer: am I going to get a refund...? Agent: Find out more info about cancelled order here
Customer: And now it is back. More DNS issues. Agent: Our apologies as it may be maintenance. Is the internet light currently red on the router?
Customer: Please monitor your customer care dept. Its like fighting a war. Agent: a document with the details as mentioned in the email for us to help you. Appreciate your understanding.
Customer: Did You fire the UI team behind the Roku app redo yet? I want to rip my eyes out every time I’m forced to use it garbage Agent: we are sorry to hear this, Tim! Is there anything in particular about the new app that you find frustrating? we are here to help.
Customer: I remember last Halloween my ass was working that whole day soon as I go off I went to chipotle next day I was sick asf Agent: This is concerning to hear. Please let our team know at the link Jen
Customer: The Chipotle on 193 W 237th St, Bronx, NY <number> is only offering 3 burritos, when the website includes bowls and tacos. Agent: that is concerning. we will get in touch with the team straightaway. Becky
Customer: But as a delivery driver, I can’t be opening the app constantly to respond to queries and if someone wants to let me know they’re 5mins away Agent: Just keep in mind, any communication outside of eBay can’t be used to determine a claim.
Customer: just won money for a dance contest at the gate fun!! Agent: You can bust a move on the ground with us and have fun at 35k. it is a winwin!
Customer: Taking off from CLT to DEN almost 2 hours late had to board a new plane bc the other plane broke. I am sick amp need to get home Agent: Our apologies for the delay, Heather. You should be in the air shortly.
Customer: Just filled it out! Thank you Agent: you are very welcome, Colin!
Customer: Of course it can be extended. Someone at just has to approve it. Agent: Unfortunately, it can not be extended, Chris.
Customer: Hiampthanks for kindness and support my issue was about my . Agent: Alright! Tweet us back if you need further assistance
Customer: dear Shruti ..I am looking for prepaid connection with 4g facilities Agent: We forwarded your concern to the concern team, we will contact you, please bear with us some time. Regards, Shruti
Customer: . it is impossible for me to pay my bill if your web pages do not load. On that note, is not making sure web pages load your job? Agent: Good evening! I am very sorry you eerienced a concern with our On Line payment option. Are you receiving a particular error message?
Customer: I cannot reset my password and I cannot talk to an agent as I need to log into my account please help Agent: let us work on this, Claire. Are you getting an error message when resetting your password? Send us a screenshot through .
Customer: Help. Just booked a flight seconds ago and now see I have added an extra letter to end of a PAX name. Is there a way to fix or one letter extra OK? Agent: booking reference, email address and contact telephone number . Oliver
Customer: hey is there a new Playstation with 4K integration on the horizon?! Agent: Hi! There is no information to share at the moment, stay tuned to our Blog for updates here
Customer: I love you HappyHalloween2017 Agent: We love you right back. Jen
Customer: Oh, that is nice. What are you doing about it? What are you targets next year? Agent: These delays are out of our control, but we do work with Network Rail to try and reduce any problems
Customer: Why are my devices not doing the cool thing when I play the StrangerThings albums on ? Agent: Hey Jacklynn! The cavalrys here. Could you tell us the device/OS you are using? we will see what we can suggest /
Customer: Thank you Callum will it have to be preorder or will there be general sale? Agent: It will generally be made available for purchase. it is first come first serve. Mart
Customer: Heading to London tonight will be there for 5 days doing some exciting stuff get the drinks ready I coming aboard Agent: it is always a pleasure to have you on board, John. Have a wonderful flight over the pond!
Customer: literally the first time in my life trying your food and I get a mouth full of flour on my sandwich...never going back Agent: Sorry to hear that. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will address.
Customer: It Agent: we would be happy to look into this with you further. message us using the link below and we will go from there.
Customer: It isn’t. Same with website. Went to When I try to put my address it defaults to which is in Chinese. Agent: Can I ask you to uninstall and reinstall the app and let us know if that corrects it? Thanks
Customer: were can I receive attention ? Im a restaurant owner in Queretaro, Mexico and I want to work with your apo Agent: Find out more info about Partnering here
Customer: Always providing great customer eerience no matter the circumstance! Thank you as always! Delta airlines Agent: Thank you for being such a loyal customer!
Customer: Getting really frustrated with lately . Starting to look around for new cable and internet provider Agent: Hello Valentina, I am not happy to hear this. How can I help you?
Customer: How do I remove the suggested contacts in Invite people to Paper column? I do not have any third party contacts connected. Agent: Hi there, currently it isn’t possible to hide the suggestion list, however we can certainly forward this request to our dev team!
Customer: I live in the Bronx, many channels such as Fox, TLC, NBC,justtonameafew do not work what the reason? areyoubetterthanfios Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience. I will be glad to assist you. Can you message me your Name and acct or phone ?
Customer: Really Help, spent all our club card vouchers on Lego Land tonight for my sons birthday tomorrow and just found out it’s closed Agent: If youd like them exchanged, can you also confirm which venue youd like them exchanged for? Kind regards Rhys
Customer: I have a query. Can somebody help? Have texted my concern via . Agent: Are you still seeing this issue? Do message the issue details, I will be happy to help.
Customer: I didn’t know hair came with the cinnamon rolls...? Agent: Oh no! We take food quality seriously Can you message us with your bakerycafe location and order number so we can look into this?
Customer: If you do not pull out that old costume and get a 3 burrito from you are crazy. Agent: Agreed. Becky
Customer: . BY NO MEANS should this snuggie qualify as a costume for 3 burrito night. Agent: I mean, he kind of tried. we will give it to him. Becky
Customer: If I pre order Cod WW2 on Xbox one right now will I still get the free weapon unlock and double ? Agent: If you order the game before the launch date you should get all preorder bonuses for the game that are eligible.
Customer: Amazon who packages these games. Ordered to games and both came rattling inside their cases. One is broken. Games may have suffered scratches. Agent: I am sorry your items arrived in these conditions. let us elore your return or replacement options here Good Game
Customer: On my way to NAPABA17 and received great service from Cynthia and Diane on AA1816 thank you! executiveplatinum Agent: Thanks for your kind words for Cynthia and Diane! we will be sure to forward these along to their AATeam.
Customer: Sat in all night waiting for . Told via website its been delivered!!! Well not to us it hasnt. Guess I wont be eating tomorrow then. Agent: Sorry Darren, please can you message your full name, address, email address and order number? Ceri
Customer: hi, having trouble making purchases on Xbox one store for fifa points, can you help? Agent: Hello, Josh! To get better assistance and support, we suggest that you post a tweet or message our friends from .
Customer: fail. 12 minutes in drivethru for this?! This is not 3 taco supremes...this is 6 of ridiculous. Rest. G135279 Agent: Oh no. Where did this happen?
Customer: I have an issue with marvel vs capcom dlc. I would like a refund . How do I go about it ? Agent: Hi Kevin! For refund info, please check the following link
Customer: what’s up with the outage??? is about to win the WorldSeries! Agent: with your full name, address, and phone number so I can assist with this issue. Thanks!
Customer: อยากสอบถามถ้าลูกค้าอยากซื้อตั๋วแต่จะทำเป็น Gift Voucher ต้องทำอย่างไรบ้าง ติดต่อไปหลายทางแล้ว แต่ไม่เคยได้คำตอบครับ Agent: Hi Tohplatu, kindly tweet us in English or you may contact Thailand Call Centre 66 2 515 9999 for further assistance. Thanks Mar
Customer: Yes hungry rutgers student love Agent: I am so sorry about that. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: cable and Internet goes every night at the same time. Just want to relax after work! frustrated Agent: Please provide by message the full address and account number and name associated with your account. Thanks.
Customer: is it possible to have my account name reset as my psn name was a name that i had before i came out as transgender? Agent: Hi Rose. You mean the online ID? Please check the details in the next link
Customer: Damn told me I could go get my headphones and they’d call me when I could go get them, the. They don’t call and tell me it’s too late Agent: I am sorry to hear this! Please message the tracking number and address if you need help with your package.
Customer: Who do y’all have for internet and cable. Cause im done with ’s shady billing bullshit. Agent: Hello, If you have questions about your account or your bill, I will be happy to assist. Please send me a message with...
Customer: need refund as i was charged for a year of psn plus when it said i had a free trial fir 14 days. Please help. Agent: Hi there! For refund info, please check the following link
Customer: Would you like me to email you a copy of one since Spectrum is not updating your training? Agent: Our department is part of the corporate office. If you are particular area has gone to this format, we were unawa...
Customer: Yes. Sorry. I️ just watched a video about 11.2 beta. 11.1 When I️ type the letter Eye I️ happens Agent: Have you tried resetting the keyboard dictionary yet? If not, go to Settings gt General gt Reset gt Reset Keyboard Library
Customer: Hi Raj, it’s Acrobat Standard 2017, have to use keyboard shortcut, our staff are not happy that the buttons gone on the main ribbon. Agent: we are looping in an eert who can help you out here. They will reply as soon as they are available. Raj
Customer: Heck yes I went to and got a 3 boorito bowl for wearing my minion outfit today. Well worth it also I was far from alone, everyone wore costumes and wanted their costume chippy Agent: I love it! Thanks so much for stopping by. Becky
Customer: I have talked to a supr with no assistance Agent: we are always here to help and we want you to have a great eerience! Send us a message with more information and we will review.
Customer: had THEE worst service on the planet fam. Agent: Please let us know if you are currently having service issue with us? We at Sprint would like to know so we can further assist.
Customer: I live an hour north of the ATL airport, can it be done online? Agent: Unfortunately, this must be done at the airport because the bag must be looked at by a Delta Representative.
Customer: When will cable come to my area?! Agent: Good Morning! After review of the address from your previous conversations the address is too far from the plant. At this time I do not have any information on when/if services will be available in your area. I do apologize.
Customer: Do not make us helpless and kindly refund my amount .. Agent: we have already sent a correspondence to your registered email ID. Please check it and reply us with your concerns.
Customer: get your service together I’m not paying a bill for shitty internet I DEMAND CREDIT for slow connections and outages Agent: I am sorry you are having issues with your internet. You can find helpful troubleshooting tips here ...
Customer: Looks like is eerimenting with a new design. Eeriencing flashes of it on my Safari. Agent: I am sorry but I am unable to comprehend your issue. Can you please elaborate.
Customer: do not tell your customers lies! Like our driver will pick it up and then never show up. Take the package to the store and a week Agent: I am sorry for the inconvenience. Can you please message me your tracking number?
Customer: nice try. those welltrained workers caused my outage amp your phone rep must’ve had a bad day. goodbye hello Agent: , Please message full address and primary name on the account, so we can take a look. =
Customer: Why do you keep charging my card for FREE apps? Im not happy at all. Agent: we are here for you. For unrecognized charges, use For more help, contact us
Customer: is all your advertising meant to be deceptive? Or, is it just your buy service? deceptive advertising Agent: I am not sure what you mean. that is a pretty good representation of Domain Buy Service. we would love to hear your feedback.
Customer: what is the price of the iPhone X for Jump on Demand? Agent: The iPhone X is absolutely gorgeous. Shoot me a message and we will price it out! AdamJudge
Customer: MD. And this was sent to the wrong address Agent: Please follow and message us so that we can look into this order.
Customer: The associate I spoke with does Agent: I was not able to find that information in the previous conversation. Would you be able to provide the trace routes in a DM? I am not seeing any signal issues to the modem. ~Derrick
Customer: whats wrong w/ amazon leavin shit outside like ups... Agent: Please let us know how we can help and message your tracking using this link.
Customer: jetblue puertorico does anyone know if I can bring a generator as my checked in luggage to PUerto Rico? Agent: No, we do not allow generators or chainsaws or any machine that uses fuel to be checked in luggage.
Customer: Cache is cleared and still not reverting back to original Your sex and age Agent: Please send us a message for further assistance.
Customer: At first I was excited for 3 burrito but my appetite was ruined when I ate a hair and found plastic in my bowl! NOT HAPPY!! Agent: This is concerning. Please reach out to our team at the link Jen
Customer: so the social media escalation team is equally useless as the customer service team...hats off to incompetence Agent: that is quite a comment. Could you let us know if you have received an email from our team here
Customer: , fake I phone 7 received from amazon , order India order ID <number>, amazon India has refused to replace Agent: don’t provide your order/account details as we consider them to be personal info. Our page is visible to the public.
Customer: mobileCare I am setting up my tv box and it has been frozen on select your languages for about 15 minuets. Agent: Shadi, I can help with the box trouble. To get started, please message your phone or account number and full address.
Customer: I’m starting to get concerned. There is no label created for my iPhone X yet and it releases Friday. I hope I get it Friday. Agent: No worries one bit! Shoot me a DM, and I will set your heart at ease! DannyHarvey
Customer: Apple TV 4K at the moment. Not using others Agent: Thanks for that info! Please follow us on Twitter and send us a message so we can assist you further!
Customer: I have never had a rude cable guy before until forced to switch to the people on the phone were rude and now this dude? Agent: My apologies for any frustrations or poor service you’ve eerienced Desiree. Is there anything I may be able to help with? .
Customer: Oh , trying to watch WorldSeriesGame6 on iPad while giving out halloween candy. Literally yelling across the street for score. Agent: Hi. that is no fun. If still affected, please message to share the specifics about the trouble. Erica
Customer: ¿como puedo trackear si esta próximo a ser entregado un paquete que tiene fecha de hoy? Gracias Agent: ¡Hola, Quirino! Lamentamos cualquier confusión generada, ¿te has puesto en contacto con el transportista asignado a la entrega?
Customer: you should really mention that some exit row seats are smaller width! Paid xtra for the most uncomfortable seat I have ever had! Agent: Width can vary just slightly throughout the cabin. Main Cabin Extra seats always have 46 inches of extra legroom.
Customer: Fingers crossed but I’m hoping you’ll love this Lightroom Presets Killer Looks With Just One Click with S... Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: And this is on both iMessages and SMS. Texts without images work fine. And I just migrated from a old iPhone to a new one! Agent: Got it. let us give the steps in the following article a try please Let us know how that goes in a .
Customer: Been on the phone with for almost an hour now, bitch where is my shit ? Agent: I would be happy to look for you! Please message your tracking number, delivery address and phone number.
Customer: So if I buy the individual characters they won’t fit? Agent: Hi Jenni, this has 3 magic point locations that are activated by the figures. Laurence.
Customer: can you update me the status as its already 5 days over till date material not dispatched. Agent: Please do not provide your order details, as we consider it to be personal information. Our Twitter page is public.​
Customer: ., I was 2 days without power got it back. But now I’m 3 days w/out cable/internet? Solve it, regional monopoly. Agent: Hello, Steve, I apologize that your services are out. Please send me a message with your account name and phone number...
Customer: could you kindly let me know if the SmartShop app is out of action please? Agent: Hi Andrew, we are not aware of any ongoing issues. Can you provide some more info about the issues you are having? Corey
Customer: None of channels are unavailable. We’ve tried to troubleshoot it but it isn’t working. It isn’t a video/picture issue Agent: The channel unavailable would indicate a possible poor coasplitter connection. Are all your TVs having the same issue?
Customer: Halloween is the BEST day of the year ! Skits, a deck party, and hanging out with Gary Kelly, er, I mean, Thor Agent: The Avengers assembled for the best HalloWN yet! We appreciate everything you do for us!
Customer: An uber driver 1let me drive 2started petting my hair as I drive 3hugged me goodbye and 4proceeded to touch my ass dyring said weird ass hug get ur shit together Agent: we are here to help. Send us a message with your email address so we can assist.
Customer: Two fake items in one day. Time to cancel my Amazon Prime membership. Agent: Oh no! I am so sorry to hear this. Was the item sold by Amazon directly or Thirdparty seller
Customer: Done , thanks! launchInIndiaSoon Agent: you are welcome. If you have any other questions, just give us a shout. Take care! /
Customer: Estimated delivery Wed, 25 Oct Fri, 27 Oct You have paid using PaisaPay on /17. but i havent received it yet on /17. Agent: Have you asked the seller yet where it is? See as they may be able to help out!
Customer: I want to order this item but am getting errors in checkout process Agent: Oh no! we are sorry about that! Please direct message us and we will inform you of the alternative ways to order this item.
Customer: Would you have any suggestions as far as upgrading to a new phone. But not an iPhone. Agent: Hey! Choosing a device is a personal choice and we would love to answer any questions you may have to help narrow it down. Send me a message so we can chat. AlissaFast
Customer: I better not have been charged for the trip that my driver didn’t show up for! Agent: Sorry to hear about that! Can you please contact us via so our team can connect.
Customer: Bole x hantarkan booking number sy.. Sbab sy telah kehilangan boking number utk urusan chek in.. Agent: Hi There, we has respond you via DM, see you there! Anwar
Customer: Pathetic reply by your caller Agent: Did we happen to miss the estimated delivery date?
Customer: please help! I have updated my softwere and lost my subscription to photoshop! Agent: Hi Amy, could you please elaborate the issue for subscription after the Photoshop update so that we may help. Tanuj
Customer: I would like to have 100 on my account for free Agent: I would like to have a better understanding of your situation. Please message us and share more info about what occurred no account number.
Customer: My future pilot HappyHalloween Agent: Aw! Too cute! Somebody has definitely earned their wings! ✈
Customer: Bruh be blowing it with this bum ass service Agent: Hi! For how long have you been eeriencing this? Are you receiving 3G somewhere near your domicile? Please, allow us to check your surrounding. Send us a DM, we will be glad to assist you? .
Customer: Hey , your commercials gotta relax, they are way too loud Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your audio concerns and I am happy to help! Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: you have literally taken 50 worth from me at least for being late .... late being 2 minutes after I come outside Agent: Happy to further assist you. Can you please send us a message direct message with your email address and additional details?
Customer: please put service in my neighborhood! I’m over Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out about your new service concerns and I am happy to help! Can you please message the full address? ~
Customer: MMS bug on iOS 11.1. MMS won’t send on iPhone 6S. Agent: we would like to look into what is going on with your MMS. What happens when you try to send? Do you get an error?
Customer: Please do! “As a user, I would like to hide irrelevant or old contacts from suggestions, in order to make room for relevant ones.” Agent: We understand, and we’ve added your comments to your suggestion. Cheers!
Customer: Can I undo this iOS update? This is horrendous and dealing with phone frustration during 75 of my 150 mobile uses each day is not acceptable Agent: we would be happy to help. Send us a message with a few details.
Customer: how come when I call, your automated system will allow me to add services but not cancel them? Please contact me to resolve Agent: Hello! Just checking in to see if you still want to cancel XFINITY services.
Customer: It’s intermittent for me. This file fails reliably The “Create subfolder” option just makes an empty “svg” folder Agent: Thanks for sharing the file, we will get back to you with updates as we investigate. Wren
Customer: Any tips on how to relax on a long haul flight? nervousflyer Agent: Wear comfy clothes, stretch prior to boarding and throughout the flight. Also, make sure you drink plenty of water.
Customer: I am being over billed, I am about to cancel my contract and go to . Agent: We will be glad to have you join our Sprint family. Please reach us via message for more details.
Customer: You are the worst! I have to wait three days to get my internet fixed... Agent: Hello Venessa, I would be more than happy to assist you. Please send me a DM. Katie
Customer: Everywhere but it’s terrible in the bedroom. I have to shut off WiFi just to message you! Will Cox pay for my data overages! Agent: Ok. The modem is reporting power adjustments. Is the modem plugged up to a power strip or ups? Allan
Customer: Oh bless you, thank you so much! It’s wallington, or purley way. Or I’ll drive to wherever! They are so worth it!! Agent: Thanks Rachel. we will take a look into this and be back in touch as soon as we have more information! Reid
Customer: having trouble redeeming dropbox plus annual subscription I bought from Dell. Help? Agent: Hi Danaan, what error are you getting when you redeem the key for your Dropbox account? Did you have Plus before with EVH?
Customer: gate agent said you had treats for travelers today? Agent: Hey Jessica we are serving complimentary adult drinks onboard today. Happy Halloween!
Customer: Threatening violence. Please respond. Agent: Thanks for getting in touch. Send us a message and we will get started helping you out.
Customer: Yup. Tried my laptop and different browsers. This is what my laptop currently shows app is also not functioning Agent: We apologize for the inconvenience in the interim.
Customer: but do I absolutely have to be in a costume for a 3 boorito ?!!! Agent: Those are the rules. I would not risk it. Becky
Customer: The DC Center for the LGBT Community 2000 14th Street NW Suite 105 Washington DC <number> Agent: Can you please delete the public post including your information and send it to me in a DM?
Customer: please fix As Soon As Possible I hate Apple Music I don’t want to use them Agent: Hey, helps here! Is it still missing after logging out, restarting the app, then logging back in? Let us know how it goes /
Customer: 3 booritos! The man they call Jayne. Agent: We appreciate you stopping by, my friend. Enjoy! Becky
Customer: I hate Agent: Is there some way we can help?
Customer: Original promised delivery date was yesterday to this Friday. Agent: Please give us a call here so we can take a look into this with you!
Customer: arrived on time. Great! Spoiled by waiting for bags and choice of meal not bring available in Club Europe. BA 827. Agent: Apologies for the delay to your bag and the choice of meals available. we will pass your comments on. Helen
Customer: I have been while for 3 days for the WWE 2K18 Patch when is that coming out Agent: Hello, thanks for reaching out to us. We can speculate on updates from developers.
Customer: .. landed in Charlotte at 711 PM. It’s now 752 without any luggage.. or staff in baggage claim.. or belt movement. Hello? Agent: we are sorry for the wait tonight. we will have you bags out to you as soon as possible.
Customer: It’s a multi pack so I don’t have the barcode I’m afraid, it was Whitechapel in London Agent: Thank you, can you confirm the right product here Robbie
Customer: paid for next day delivery.. had it confirmed and alas, no package nothappy Agent: I am so sorry for the wait. If you have a moment, please contact us by chat or phone
Customer: Thanks for the damaged suitcase!!! Agent: Oh no, I am very sorry to hear about this. Please speak with our airport Baggage Service team for immediate assistance.
Customer: trying to sign up for autopay, your site tells me my checking account must be min 12 characters. Mine is 9. So??? Agent: Please verify if this is referring your Verizon account number and not your banking?
Customer: somehow Siri can turn off my lights but Alexa is incapable. pleasefixit buggedupdate Agent: If Alexa does not discover your smart home device, here are some solutions to try Hope this helps!
Customer: i booked my flight using delta amex card. Checking in now amp was being charged for baggage Agent: Glad to check. Pls, message your confirmation number for assistance.
Customer: I don’t like the way works, keeping my money pending! They never used to do that and that’s why I’m annoyed! Very annoyed! Agent: I am sorry to hear of any frustration. I have answered your DM, please check your messages.
Customer: Not in the mailbox, not on the porch, not in my house, not at the neighbors. This was a Prime order, late/lost again. Agent: I am sorry those steps did not help! Who was the carrier for this order? You can check here
Customer: what is with these speeds in Deer Park, NY? Agent: We can do faster than that! Click here to message so we can make it happen! JustinRhodes
Customer: Thanks Agent: You are welcome! Feel free to contact us for assistance in the future.
Customer: mobileCareXI no internet all day again, third day with issues. What is your solution? Agent: Hello, let me do some research on the account to see what is causing this problem. Please message for assistance, thank you.
Customer: do you have any apps for epilepsy so I can detect my seizures thanks in advance Agent: Hey, we can provide some guidance. let us meet in message and we will go from there.
Customer: It happens every night, like in between 2 4 am. Wow. I appreciate the response. Damn Sprint you all have no type of live for your customers.. Agent: Thanks for reaching out. What can I help with today?
Customer: why is my home sharing not working and how do i fix it Agent: we are happy to help. Has Home Sharing worked with these devices before?
Customer: music and podcast “skip” around like a CD, then distorts and clears up in few seconds, only happens after iOS 11 Agent: we are here to help. Did this happen after a specific update, or just recently? Thanks!
Customer: Touchpad gestures stopped working after updating, reinstalling drivers did not work, What To Do? Agent: Got it. Just to clarify, is the driver updated through the manufacturers website?
Customer: And why is my music NEVER in my control center?! Agent: we are here to help out! Which device is this on and which version of iOS is currently installed?
Customer: Come on you were supposed to have delivered by 5pm and our dinner is in that delivery!! Agent: I require your full name, address and email. What time did you receive the order after? TY Chris
Customer: Last mail recd on 09.10.2017 stating refund will be in my account by 14.10.2017 Bt same not recd. Agent: that is strange. Kindly write back to the email received and we will check this out for you.
Customer: Amazonで1週間以上前に注文したコンタクトが全然届かないんですけど。サギ？コンタクトだから早くきて欲しいんですけど。困ってるんですけど。 Agent: ご心配をおかけしております。注文履歴に記載のお届け予定日を過ぎている場合、発送元をご確認の上、それぞれの方法でお問い合わせください。アマゾン発送→ 出品者発送→
Customer: This in unacceptable. You sell a book that has a MRP of Rs. 299 for Rs. 336 to me. Then, you drop the price to 302. Agent: and our efforts to offer you the lowest price, may result in fluctuations in our prices over time. 2/2HN
Customer: Hey excuse me What The F... is a “country code” Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: How’s that research going? My internet still going down regularly. Agent: Please message so we can further assist you.
Customer: have you all got Christmas stock/gifts out and available Agent: Hi Daniel Yep! Our Christmas range is in store now with the full range of products hitting shelves soon! Mat
Customer: amazonuk took money without any they are not giving it back nor giving clear statement of my refund proces Agent: I am sorry for the frustration! Without giving personal/account details, could you tell us a bit more about what is going on?
Customer: Hi how is it that bapricepromise team says they dont see the price in this picture and refuse to pay the claim, any idea? Agent: we would recommend replying to them directly if you are unhappy with their response. DaniH
Customer: I sent a message nearly an hour ago regarding our delivery but not received a reply yet! Agent: Hi Emma, I have replied to your DM. Ceri
Customer: I bought it in the Arbroath store last week. Agent: You can take it back to store with proof of purchase and they will have a look at it for you. Marc
Customer: how about getting flight 1704 off the ground Agent: Matthew, I am really sorry for the delay. Your patience is appreciated as we hope to get you going soon.
Customer: having trouble with my router since yesterday tried switching off and on No device is working Acct <number> Agent: Please share your contact number.
Customer: Hi I have a problem with a cancellation fee I was charged but the case fits none of the options. How can I report i this? Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: It works fine wireless Agent: Actually, that screen is very telling. You have a Teredo issue. let us try running through this guide.
Customer: I had excellent service tonight too! Plenty of people on the line, went very fast, everyone was kind! Agent: Guac on! I am happy it was such a great eerience. Becky
Customer: Thanks for ruining my Halloween!! Did you know BOA cannot unlock a debit card over the phone? I work til 6, banks close at 4. Agent: Hello, we are here to help. Please let us know if there is something we can help on your account. mm
Customer: Okay Allan it’s not working any better. Cox internet is the worst. Agent: tight, bypass any splitter son the line and power cycle all equipment. Thank you. Lindsey 2
Customer: Me traje la mini extensión y tiene tierra. Los conectores japos de mi no tienen entrada .‘ Agent: Hi Dazia, we want to look into this and assist you. we have located your reservation and will have a specialist contact you shortly via email.
Customer: I just need to do something about the battery life because it sucks ass Agent: We want to help you get your battery life back on track. Please message and we will look at it together.
Customer: I have submitted complain against over charging but still not response from uber support!!!! Agent: Here to help! Please message direct message us your email address so we can follow up. Thanks!
Customer: no sign of delivery which was meant to arrive an hour ago, and no answer from helpline which keeps auto hanging up. Help please?? Agent: Sorry Pearl, did you manage to speak to anyone? Did you receive your delivery? Ceri
Customer: When you go to CN you get nothing but one show and not a live option. Agent: Glad to help! Please check your DMs for further instructions.
Customer: . I’ve submitted 6 menu updates for East Hanover Diner . Nothing has been updated. We need help. Agent: Oh no! I am really sorry to hear about this, please message us your store phone number and we will reach out right away!
Customer: yo how y’all run out of ground beef ? Agent: that is not cool. Where did this happen?
Customer: you don’t understand the value of money and time of your customer . Never had such a bad eerience. Agent: We understand the wait has been long for you. Please give us some more time amp we will get this sorted out for you. Rgds,Yogita
Customer: How can I give this out? What The F... Agent: That looks a little melted. message us with more details for us to help.
Customer: i just spent 3.00 even on a boorito from Agent: Best day of the year! Becky
Customer: I am a silver avios member flying from AMS to HYD in Premium Eco is there a lounge in Schiphol Airport that I can use? Agent: Hi Prashanth, we have a lounge in Amsterdam called Lounge 40. Jane
Customer: the new update is making my phone so funky. Check out the emoji and the letter I️. Is there a fix? Agent: we would like to help. Send us a message and we can start there.
Customer: I️ have an iPhone 7 Plus and yes I️ do Agent: that is great it has iOS 11.1 as we can rule out being outdated. Any steps tried since this started? Do you recall when it started?
Customer: I got my Justice League posters Thank You JusticeLeague Agent: Who’s your favorite hero? Batman WonderWoman TheFlash Aquaman Cyborg JoinTheLeague
Customer: how do you add a driver? Agent: Here to help! Contact us here so we can take a closer look.
Customer: I’m finna switch both my phones off ya plans, y’all keep fuckin up Agent: we are happy to look into with you! Send us a message and we will figure it out! ErikS
Customer: Store 673. We waited in the drive through line for at least 10 minutes before we had to ask the car behind us to move so we could back out. Agent: Thank you for letting us know. We will address this with the restaurant team.
Customer: but I can’t find the options to cancel or reorder? Agent: I am sorry for the delay! we would like to take a further look into this with you! Please reach us here
Customer: please get service back in New Hampshire. Not like there is a World Series to won tonight or anything. getrdone Agent: I can look into your service issues. Please message me your account info and I will be happy to help.
Customer: can someone please help me with my account. email <number> Agent: Hi! I have responded to your DM, and thank you for your patience.
Customer: Thx! Will do. Hoping our flight crew provides updates, so the entire plane participates. AlaskaRocks Agent: No harm in asking! Sara
Customer: req a replace for one of my purchase it was scheduled for today between 10 to 1 its 3 no one has come help Agent: Apologies for the delay. Have you reported this to our support team here
Customer: Ever time I eat I’m reminded why I don’t eat there plasticrice Agent: That does not sound good. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: Brand new Acer Spin 1 running Windows 10, using 56k dialup modem unknown process constantly churning modem hogging bandw. Agent: Hi. we are here to help. For us to assist you further, could you tell us more details about the issue?
Customer: Whoever coded the Chipotle app grinds my gears. I want to order fooood Agent: Online ordering is turned off for our Boorito promotion. My apologies for any frustration. Becky
Customer: I keep getting charged on my card and I don’t have an account with you? Please help Agent: Sorry for any uneected charges! Please call us from the on this page so we can take a look
Customer: my spotify premium stopped working Agent: Hey there! Can you message us your accounts email address? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: My order <number> says Left in mailroom but my house does not have a mailroom and I have been home all day. Agent: Oh no! Have you checked the mailbox? These steps may help locate the order Keep us posted!
Customer: I just registered for Alaska Airlines Bay To Breakers! Agent: Heck yea! iRunAlaska Kimball
Customer: Are you guys ashamed of your Internet upload speed that you do not have a balls to show it in your website or you buried it? Agent: Please message us if you are eeriencing any connectivity issues, we are here to help.
Customer: Nothing on my order on your web site. Agent: Late order usually arrive the next business day. If your order has not arrived by 800 PM tomorrow, please let us know.
Customer: has disgustingly mismanaged the released of the Crota Pops. You should be ashamed of your distribution and retail staff. Agent: Our apologies for any inconvenience. message us with more details amp store location.
Customer: Your employees are very uncultured they thought I was dressed up as Caillou I’m actually 2007 Britney Spears. I’m angry Agent: This is genius. I appreciate it. Jen
Customer: lost opt luggage for over a week, then broke out cases, now refuses to pay for the damages they caused..disgraceful Agent: We do not like to hear this, Chris. Did you report the damage within 7 days of receiving your bags? Helen
Customer: mine and my brothers data is barely working, we have full signal but nothing is loading amp when it does load its very slow, help! Agent: You’ve reached the right place, please shoot us a DM, in order for us to further assist you.
Customer: Haha ruined my life! Thanks! Agent: Please let us know If you have any account related concerns we can help with. Thanks. cr
Customer: Ok. Let me think about it. How long do I have to decide? Agent: Since the space is not currently available, you can decide and get back to us when you are ready.
Customer: I bought Lego Star Wars in the PlayStation store but it will not let me download it because the data is corrupted.. Agent: Sorry for the inconvenience. Do you see the data corrupted message when you try to open the game or download it?
Customer: <number> Agent: Thanks for sharing your contact details. we will get in touch with you soon to assit you better. Rgds, Ganesh
Customer: , fake I phone 7 received from amazon , India order ID amazon India has refused to replace pictures attach herewith. Agent: Please do not provide your details, we consider it personal information. Our Twitter page is visible to public.
Customer: Booking a flight to Dubai via and finding out afterwards Dubai will not give visas to the nationality we booked for. Helpful. Agent: country to country, airlines cannot be held liable for them. Julie
Customer: 何でかいつの間にか勝手にAmazonプライム会員になってて年会費まで引き落とされてた。。。寝ぼけてポチッちゃったのかな˘•ω•˘ .｡oஇｳｰﾝ... Agent: Amazonプライム無料体験をご利用ではありませんか？その場合、自動更新設定をオフにしていないと30日後に有料会員へ移行します。年会費請求時より特典未使用であれば、キャンセルと同時に返金いたします。
Customer: there are some episodes missing from season 2 of Blindspot... any idea where to find them? Agent: If you give the device a reboot, you should be able to catch those remaining eps from season 2. Our team corrected this for us!
Customer: why has this stopped working on PS4?? Am I messing up a setting? Agent: Hi there! what is happening exactly? Are you having issues loading the app? we will see what we can suggest /
Customer: Hey did you take You shook me all night long off spotify just to piss me off? Why remove the greatest song ever made? Agent: Hey Dustin, we are sorry to hear that! Can you let us know the name of the artist of that track? we will check it out /
Customer: I got a crazy security bug issue with iOS 11.1 Agent: we would like to help. let us take this to message and we will elore ways to provide you assistance.
Customer: Hi, how to retrieve baggage tag no? apparently the staff at the counter forgot to attach my baggage tag barcode at my tix Agent: Hi Nadia, may we have the booking number to check? Miza
Customer: I received this from your corporate office would you like a copy? Agent: No thank you.
Customer: just wondering if the station will be open tomorrow morning. SSP start around 4am. Agent: Which station is this Alex?
Customer: I have no internet. Manually rebooted box. Your app gives me red x’s for ALL equipment and says you can’t find any of it?? Agent: Sorry to hear you are having issues with your service. Please message your account info and I will take a look.
Customer: . Home, please Agent: we are are almost there just one last leg of your trip and you will be homesweethome.
Customer: How is it xfinity comcast had our cable fixed yesterday, and now it’s out again?? Should have stayed with Verizon Agent: address, and account number so I can assist further with this issue. Thanks!
Customer: I am 18 Agent: Sorry for the confusion. Please message me and I can help you.
Customer: Is there anyway to update the shipping address on an existing Microsoft Store order? I just recently moved. Agent: Hellos James. You will need to cancel your current order and place a new one so you can include your updated details.
Customer: I need help with my account I keep getting charged for an account that is on the free subscription but was once premium Agent: Hi there! Can you message us your accounts email address or username? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: are you kidding me? The live stream of the series is down again? Cancelling tomorrow. Agent: Sorry to hear about trouble, Bob! No issues to report on our end but we are here to help. What device? Try
Customer: How do I check if prime music is working on my echo device? Agent: You can check this on Alexa app.
Customer: you got it! Lots of travel adventures to come on my travelblog Agent: Awesome! Tweet us if you need any help.
Customer: Happy Halloween! Since I am too old to trick or treat I now look forward to 3 booritos at I got mine earlier, did you? Agent: I mean, Boorito is basically the adult version of Halloween... Becky
Customer: Waiting for my carryout. Why say boxing when it is still in the oven? I could have gone home and back mustpoop brownemergency sos Agent: we are sorry your order is running late! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thank you!
Customer: Well that elains it, thanks for the info. Agent: Our pleasure. Please let us know if we can be of further assistance.
Customer: I cannot believe there is no other account Mgrs available Agent: with us, please feel free to send us a DM.
Customer: 3 burritos at everyone Agent: Heck yeah! What are you going to get? Becky
Customer: Hi Is your Search Engine Visibility plugin gone for good?? I mean it is activated but do not see anything.. Agent: Hi, I just replied to your DM. Lisi
Customer: Fulfilled by Amazon. It’s quite disturbing you’re selling counterfeit items, and can’t be trusted. Agent: we would like to look into this with you in real time, Bry. When you can, please ring or chat in with us
Customer: I think the entirety of North Jersey is here for 3 boorito but I will stay on line because I’m super hungry Laughing Out Loud Agent: We appreciate your commitment. I am confident the line will move quickly. Becky
Customer: I am trying to create an account but I still have not received the verifying email no inbox, no spam. Help. Agent: Hello Nicolas! For assistance please follow us and send us a Direct Message, we look forward to your reply.
Customer: UGDB3P can you check we receive notification of change flight, can this booking change to flight AK 5136 at 8am. 1pax only Agent: Hi There, we has respond you via DM, see you there! Anwar
Customer: This seems to be an unfortunate trend. Albuquerque Airport is just another in the downward spiral of a former great brand! Agent: Our apologies. Please follow and message with full name on reservation, details of concern and your email address. Thank you.
Customer: you have a problem in your website Agent: Thanks for bringing this to our attention. I have escalated this to our website team.
Customer: you have charged me 32.19 for a phone call to book my flights which cost £3,700 Agent: Hi Maggie, we do advise our call charges online for when you need to contact us. Helen
Customer: done please check Agent: Hi, Singh. Please send us a message with your account email address and phone number so we can locate your account. Thanks for your patience.
Customer: thanks i just did support REST Guidance or iOSSwift QuickStart for Cosmos DB what do you think? Agent: Looks good! The dev team constantly monitors the feedback forums for ways to improve the platform.
Customer: I did not get my French dip I’m filing a report you got 2 of our meals wrong! Never Going Back! Agent: We apologize. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: Thank You 4 ur ineensive flight options 2 make a last min trip hm 2 family in time of need. Flying w/ my is seamless!! Agent: we have always got your back, Susan. Our thoughts are with you and your Family during this time.
Customer: I already messaged you her email address. Not sure what you mean with inapp support, but do you realize you guys deactivated her account? Agent: Here to help! Please confirm the email address or phone number through direct message so we can further assist
Customer: Please help Your team is not providing support and information properly. They are just ingnoring my request. I need access. Agent: I am sure you will soon receive a reply from our Account Specialist team with an update.
Customer: put a piece of chicken in my burrito, i’m a vegetarian I am dissapointed Agent: I am really sorry that happened. please reach out to our team at the link Jen
Customer: Me time in the sky... Agent: What a relaxing view, Susan! Thanks for sharing the great shot and we hope you enjoy the ride with us today.
Customer: Booritos from are life Agent: Agreed. Becky
Customer: 4 days without internet. No biggie. Service tech called out sick and couldn’t make the appointment. Hope they’re feeling better! Agent: that is not good at all. Please follow and message for further assistance.
Customer: Why has started putting the price on the shelves in such a big font? it is like an assault on your eyes! Agent: Hi Raymond, I am unsure why this change has been applied but I would be happy to query this for you if youd like?
Customer: mobileCare 2 “maintenance outages” in 3 days I work late amp use services late should this be the last for a while or get Agent: Hello. Please message me your address so I can provide an update on your services for you. Thanks.
Customer: . Set up family premium. put wrong address. canceled. now cannot set up new account w my email address. You make me pay? Help! Agent: Hey Michael, helps here! Can you message us your accounts email address? we will take a look backstage /
Customer: 11.1にあげたらTwitter少し見てるだけだし低電力モードなのに20パーへったぞ。デバイス本体ごと取り換えて数ヶ月だし今回のアプデはミスだな。バッテリー消費悪化してる。 Agent: We offer support via Twitter in English. Contact us for help in your preferred language here
Customer: My web player is stuck in a commercial. Play is not an option. Tried clearing cookies, etc. nothing helped. ijustwantmusic Agent: Hi Andrea. do not worry, helps here. Can you tell us what device and browser you are using? we will see what we can suggest /
Customer: why do i have Uber Navigator Help charges to my account Canada unknowncharges irritated Agent: We can definitely follow up! Send us a note here so our team can connect.
Customer: what is the use of Prime Membership if I am not getting my parcel on time. Agent: we are sorry for the delay in the delivery of your order. Please contact us here and we will help you
Customer: What is this ?? Is this the way you treat your customers?? Seriously, I want an answer from you Agent: do not provide your order details, as we consider it to be personal information. Our Twitter page is public. ​
Customer: Yes.. we got after 1 week from estimated date and still waiting for installation Agent: I am sorry about the installation issues. Have you reported this to our team here
Customer: my phone was acting up. I then restarted it and now all it does is stay on the apple logo when I turn it on. What The F... Agent: We’ve got your back. Let us know if the steps in this article help with your iPhone
Customer: mobileCare I’m having trouble viewing my channels on my tv Agent: I can help you. Can you message me your address and phone number please?
Customer: PLEASE REPLY TO ME MESSAGE Agent: We have responded to your DM! Check your messages.
Customer: Hey , is your customer service capable of actually helping customers? Looking for a new hotel since doesn’t care Agent: Hello. How may we assist? Pls message us concern details and your contact info. Thank you and regards. jo
Customer: Why does my comcast internet always go out? This is causing my cell phone to go over my limits. Agent: address, and account number so I can assist with the issues you have been eeriencing.
Customer: I go to screenshots when I press upload facebook, twitter has unavailable under it but for other users that are not in parental controls dont Agent: Thank you for clarify, Are you getting an error message or an error code? Let us know more details!
Customer: Your customer service is the most horrible I have eerience. Jeez! Agent: I am sorry to hear of any frustration. If you have any problems with your account, please send a DM. I would be happy to help.
Customer: What would you’ll be able to do I ordered and shipped it to her, can you’ll check the truck if I give the the tracking ? Agent: We can look into this! Please message your tracking number and delivery address.
Customer: After update ios1103 no spotify on my lock screen? Agent: Thanks for reaching out to us. Are you eeriencing the missing app after restating your device?
Customer: Order <number>. You could not deliver EVEN AFTER A MONTH. You should be ashamed of yourself. Agent: Please report this to our support team here and we will look into this.
Customer: Been lookong forward to binge on StrangerThingsSeason2 just hope we have internet. a lot of outages in the neighborhood lately. Agent: Hi JeanClaude, I hope you do not have any service interruptions. If you need assistance, reach out to us. Mike
Customer: FOCO AQUI Q Q TÁ ACONTECENDO ~ iOS 11 guloso Agent: Since our Twitter support is available in English, get help at or join
Customer: Thanks for the 3 Halloween Treat! ☠️ Agent: No tricks here – only treats. Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: hello! Can you please advise on the state of any current service disruptions taking place in Baltimore City? Thank you! Agent: Hello. I would be happy to help. Can you please send a message with your full name, address and phone number?
Customer: why everytime I️ type an “I️” this extra A and box pops up ?? Agent: let us work on a solution together. To start, which device model and exact iOS version are you using?
Customer: I am ready 2 file a complaint with Better Business Bureau amp FTC over misleading info Uber sent 2 me in an email amp overcharging Agent: We apologize for the trouble! Send us a message with your email address with additional details and we will follow up.
Customer: ., your coverage could be a whole lot better. This is terrible. Come on... Agent: Ryan, we agree we can do better than that for you! Please send us a message with your location so we can work on that. TerriL
Customer: def not a good idea to burn pizza, keep me on hold for 5 minutes, then tell me it will be another hr during World Series party Agent: we are so sorry this happened, Michael! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thank you!
Customer: WHO THE HECK GAVE ME LESS THAN 5 STARS?! I’m a pleasure. , please address and fix. Agent: Hi Violetta! Find out more info about how ratings are determined here
Customer: Thank you Agent: you are very welcome! Please feel free to reach out to us again if you need any more help. Have a great day!
Customer: how do I inform your delivery drivers to just leave my package at my front door? Agent: Hey, Hugh! Are you having trouble receiving a recent order?
Customer: is tonight’s Halloween promo for burritos only or bowls as well? Agent: Burritos, bowls, tacos, salads – any main menu item! Becky
Customer: Been to many airports but this is the worst.45m presecurity,20m bag drop.30min security w/business class BenGurionAirport Agent: Sorry to hear that, Louisa. Are you on your way now? Let us know if we can help. Kimbers
Customer: Hi . I pay for 150... Agent: Hello, Jared! Just checking in to see if you are still eeriencing XFINITY Internet services issues.
Customer: Flights are what they are already. Just frustrated. I got this Amex but no real perks. Wondering when the perks actually happen. Agent: We appreciate your feedback, Jenna and thank you for sharing your concerns.
Customer: Just the tv Agent: What error message is being shown on the TV?
Customer: any way you can shake loose an installation time that isn’t shown online? Agent: Are you seeing times that are not good for you Justin?
Customer: That fixed it thanks Agent: that is great! Enjoy the rest of your day.
Customer: Bruhhhh, goes to so often the cashier noticed he got a haircut!!! S/ Agent: that is nextlevel stuff right there. Nicely done! Becky
Customer: I get that it’s Halloween but this dude at the Canonsburg is flipping out. Literally screaming. He said he’s the general manager Agent: We hate to hear this. Can you message us what happened?
Customer: <number> old us 35 nw, jeforsonville Ohio <number> Agent: Thanks. I will get in touch with our team. Jen
Customer: I love my new Kindle Oasis! Please tell me that immersion reading will be added in a future update?! Agent: I am glad you are enjoying the Oasis! you are welcome to send us feedback with this email email.
Customer: cannot find anyone at SW to find my husbands missing luggage! very unhappy customer right now! Agent: we are sorry to hear about the delayed bag. Did your husband file a baggage report with an Agent at the airport?
Customer: I am so over . My service started to get worse nd now it says No Service.Well i guess ill be visiting Agent: Hey there! We will be more than happy to have you join the Sprint family. Visit the link provided to see how, .
Customer: Thought Amex values their customers. But boy you got really bad reps on the customer service. Agent: Hi there, I am so sorry to her that. what exactly is the issue you are having?
Customer: never eating chipotle again. fucked up my stomach ☹️ Agent: that is incredibly concerning. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: I have called already and spoken to the rep. This keeps repeating. Fire your courier managers in my locality Agent: Please fill in your details using the link and I will get in touch with you soon. AK
Customer: Feel free to call back. I didn’t hear the phone. Agent: Thanks for writing back. we will try again. nv
Customer: Fantastic! I do not have a car. Thank you so much, Tom. I hope you have a good shift Agent: you are welcome. Have a good Halloween! Tom
Customer: My stuff still does not have my favorites. It actually mixes my recently viewed and favorites. Would screenshots help? Agent: Thanks for clarifying! we are happy to take a look at things on our end. When you have a chance, reach out
Customer: is there anyway to move songs around so they are in my order and not the order of when I added them...if that makes sense? Agent: Hi Thomas. It makes total sense! This link should help you sort your awesome tracks /
Customer: any idea when Android O will be released for the Sony xz? Agent: we have no news to share at the moment Paul. To be the first to know, register for updates here
Customer: It looks like is trying to make up to me. Too bad they sent drink coupons to an almost 4 year sober former alcoholic. Agent: Sorry to disappoint, Ben. You can pay it forward and leave one behind for the person flying after you.
Customer: Hello, internet. Can someone elain why this symbol keeps appearing on my phone and when I️ try to type the letter I️? Also Agent: you are in the right place we will do all we can to help. To start, let us know what iOS version is installed via message
Customer: hey why did i pay extra for shipping only for my order to say arriving today and it still hasnt shipped yet just wondering. Agent: I am sorry your order has not arrived! we would like to see how we can help so please reach us here
Customer: I received miles for outbound flight on KLM in sept but not return flight, how can I get those points? Agent: Hi, Chris. Is this the flight from Amsterdam to SFO on the 23rd of September?
Customer: it is cool French dips are good w/o ah jus too. Agent: We apologize, Jay. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: Hey do you do group flight bookings ?! Agent: We sure do, Danielle! Check out more information here
Customer: No online orders today? Really ? . Agent: it is our annual Boorito promotion, and we turn it off for the night. My apologies for any frustration. Becky
Customer: Cannot access HULU for the past six weeks. But I am still paying for it. Asks for profile update, then screen freezes. ??? Agent: that is not what we like to hear, Claire! What device is this on? Do you continue to run into this after reinstalling the app?
Customer: Hey , get your act together and put the select profile option on smart TVs already. it is been months and people do share devices. Agent: Hey there! No news at this time, but we will share the interest! For the most uptodate info
Customer: i do not have airtel nobr again,bt You can call me on <number>, plz i need to do D swap, am fedup of buyin new simampnew nobr Agent: Hello , please be informed that you will be contacted shortly. Thank you. ANopo
Customer: How shameful You guyzz are when product is replaced it come on friday and if i purchase a new it comes tom complain amazoneisfraud Agent: We have sent a correspondence to your registered email ID. Please check and reply.
Customer: the leak of the X1X has been reposted, message me for the link. I sent the link to in a DM, so please get it taken down quick Agent: Hello, make sure to report the videos, we appreciate you reaching out to us.
Customer: please, please broadcast the AppleCup on flight 447 badtiming GoCougs Agent: Hey Dot, oh my gosh that is horrible timing! I wish we could broadcast it live, but if you tweet at us here, we will provide you score updates as it goes? Sara
Customer: your internet is continuously down in my area <number>. Paying around 100 each bill for terrible service Agent: Hi. That is not the eectation. If currently affected, please message your full address for support. Erica
Customer: Mysteriously came back without either sledge hammer. Maybe I just didn’t wait long enough to see channels after force quit. Agent: Either way, we are glad you are back in action! do not hesitate to tweet us again if we can be of further assistance, Craig!
Customer: The booking number is KMIBYW. Agent: provide us your preferred time and we will have it sorted for you Yana
Customer: Will I hear back from someone on the money I have paid for things I have not gotten at some point? Agent: You should hear back either tomorrow or Monday. Jen
Customer: Baje la App de la cual es gratuita y me llego un cargo de 18.11 Pesos ¿cuál es el motivo? Agent: We offer support via Twitter in English. Get help in Spanish here or join
Customer: Does not appear that Comcast is too concerned. I’ve heard zero from Comcast! Agent: Hi, I can definitely look into what is going on! Can you send us a message with your service address?
Customer: who would I message for backwards compatible game suggestions 2 great games have sat on the fourms since 2015 Agent: to eress your interest in seeing those games added to back compat! 2
Customer: I had a couple of drivers show up at my house with that Middle Eastern attire stinking of ME food. Agent: Here to help! Connect with us through and we will be in touch.
Customer: Oh I’ve missed you so I thought I would fly on the busiest day of the year travel Agent: We appreciate your flying Delta. Have a Great day!
Customer: AC/DC.... Agent: Thanks. Sometimes content gets temporarily removed because of licensing changes. Hopefully we will have it available again soon! /
Customer: Unfortunately it said that my account was temporarily locked out of the system still Agent: For immediate assistance,pls contact us at the Customer Service number on the back of your Card. Thank you.
Customer: WHAT DOES THIS MEAN Agent: I am sorry you have not received your order. Reach out to us here so we can look into this with you
Customer: Yes Agent: Are you able to reset the router?
Customer: and somehow three artboards worth of brush work disappeared twice out of nowhere while I was working on another artboard Agent: Can you try turning GPU Performance off in your Illustrator preferences? Let us know if that solves the issue. Wren
Customer: Steak with everything so good! Agent: Mmmm – sounds delicious. I like your style, my friend! Becky
Customer: I bought psn for 12 months but I did not get my fifa points Agent: Sorry to hear that! Please follow us via Twitter and let us know so we can send you a message with further instructions. Thanks!
Customer: Everyone I eat I get diarrhea Agent: that is concerning to read. Please provide more details here Becky
Customer: Still is not letting the other account play Agent: Where are you located? Which country did you select to setup your account? Please provide us more details.
Customer: Thanks!p, great support! Is that call to reserve a phone or to check stock levels? Agent: To check stock levels stores usually are not able to reserve you a phone but does not hurt to ask them. JayMartinez
Customer: MY HOME BUTTON DOESN’T WORK IOS11 Agent: Let us help with your Home button. Did this issue start right after iOS 11? Which version of iOS 11 are you running?
Customer: I have been watching the world series in low def for pretty much the entire game. I am on a wired connection on my gen 4 appletv Agent: The resolution is typically determined by bandwidth available. let us see if increases that for you.
Customer: What about dis ur bonus check with <number> and <number> I cnt see nothing anytime I use dis codes to check dis ur <number> jumbo wotever Agent: We apologize for any inconvenience you may have eerienced. Kindly provide your number. Thank you. .
Customer: Matter of fact 2 RIDES and neither driver showed up! And took my money anyway and I’m still sitting outside my damn job I am dissapointed Agent: Please message us with the phone number associated with your account so we can look into this for you.
Customer: Literally stranded because of and because there is no support phone number I have to wait from a message from I am dissapointed ‍♂️ Agent: we are sorry to hear this was your eerience. Can you send us a message with your email address so we can connect?
Customer: Écran d’iPhone cassé. Impossible à connecter sur iTunes ... des astuces svp ? Agent: We offer support via Twitter in English. Contact us for help in your preferred language here
Customer: Yes, GEX8LD Agent: Please allow 24 to 72 hours, for the miles to be redeposited. The cash portion will be redeposited within 6 to 10 business days.
Customer: clear me the luggage, I think lt7kg for Cabin, and how much for extra Luggage may carry without extra chages Agent: Hi Sunil, this is India domestic flight, which is each passenger entitled for 15 KG check in baggage and 7 KH cabin baggage. Sha
Customer: Would have been nice to get some meat with our Gordita crunches. Agent: We can do better. message us.
Customer: someone in ur staff in Costa Mesa stole my cc since I checked in this Sunday. Not cool! Agent: Please follow and message with full name, email and location on booking to share your concerns with management. Thank you.
Customer: you been super responsive to my queries so kudos for great Agent: We are happy to help, Khalid. If you ever need assistance in the future we are always just a tweet away.
Customer: what’s up with my “I️” being replaced with some bs in my messages? Makes me want to throw the whole phone away. Agent: Let us help you get this sorted out. Can you tell us which iOS version you are currently using please?
Customer: Wow! Real shame that our current provider has no answer to why we are eeriencing bad signal but their competitor is responding. Agent: We would love to have you with Fios! You can check for availability at
Customer: I ordered a 9.95 taco combo plate,received a 2.75single tacoampam being told I only get a 1.94 courtesy refund. Make this right. Agent: Please message your account email address.
Customer: yo , how can I get my echo to answer to the name Janet? Agent: we are always looking for ways to improve! Please send feedback/requests following the steps here
Customer: And I love flying my hometown airline! Agent: it is always a pleasure to have you with us!
Customer: does Netflix on PS4 Pro utilise HDR? The Netflix app on my TV has a HDR badge on it and looks better than my Pro app Agent: Hi. Check out the next article for more information
Customer: , another poor customer service eense with my trouble ticket being lost. Goes with my 16 hours of calls with your billing department. theCustomerMatters Agent: Hello Jeff! Will you please message us with your account number so we can better assist you? Wayne
Customer: i will be there !! burritobowls4lyfee Agent: we will be ready and waiting. Becky
Customer: I need 2 GetOutOfTheRed Here has been the worst of the worst. Everything was a lie and their customer service suck Agent: Whaa?! let us show you how the UnCarrier does things! Meet me in the DMs EddieGough
Customer: Ordered 30 worth of food and got tiny portion. Order more food thru them but diff place. Order was cancelled for no reason? wtf? Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can connect.
Customer: Thats a thing?! Do some poor souls really not know you can get two proteins at ? Agent: Amateur hour. But better late than never, I suppose. Becky
Customer: your live stream sucks Agent: that is not what we like to hear, Bill. What issue are you coming across? What device are you using? we are here to help.
Customer: Restarting does resolve the issue. Thanks. Agent: we are glad to hear that resolved the issue. do not hesitate to reach out to us if you have any questions. Take care.
Customer: How do I do that ? Agent: Message 1 of 2 1.Tap the envelope icon. ... 2.Tap the message icon to create a new message.
Customer: my Executive Club account has been hacked. Please pm me. Agent: your date of birth. We can contact our Executive team who will be in contact to help as soon as possible . Oliver
Customer: why does my iOS update say it is going to take 5 hours... iphone Agent: we are here to help. How are you updating? Let us know via .
Customer: I know it’s Halloween, but Chip messed up so many orders Laughing Out Loud Agent: That does not sound good. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: Definitely threw our plans out of whack. Maybe more communication next time... Agent: We always welcome suggestions to improve here Becky
Customer: thanks, however this is a link to the US Uber details. Is there somebody who can help for Australian drivers? Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: Yes I️ just did that today. Agent: OK, please message us, so we can work together on this.
Customer: sunilbhartimittal Airtel Agent: Hello , kindly assist with stated issue. Thank you. Osebi.
Customer: I went to and they were out of roast beef!! amp No more chocolate lava cakes??? How does one run out of roast beef for the hour?????!!! Agent: Sorry to hear that. Which restaurant did you visit?
Customer: thnx, matter resolved. Agent: Glad the issue was resolved. Thank you for keeping us posted.
Customer: Um.... ... This is not 12 centimetres... Agent: Hi James, oh dear! I can understand your concerns. Can you return the Cake Tin with your receipt to the store, my colleagues will be able to assist further. Ty James
Customer: It would be great if Lightroom did not crash every time I import pictures. Agent: Let us know if you need any help!
Customer: I hate . You try to cancel any service in a bundle, the other service gets jacked up in price. Horrible CustomerService. stuck Agent: Hello, I do apologize for the billing issues. Could you please message us? So we can further assist you.
Customer: Itsone hour past Agent: We apologize for the delay and we have updated your Case Manager. She will be contacting you momentarily with more information. Thank you.
Customer: fix Pointe Du Hoc please Agent: Hey Lili, we´re aware and working on this, hopefully it gets resolve asap. Have a great one!
Customer: can i get a quesarito for 3 bucks im broke and im in college Agent: I do not see why not. Make sure you wear a costume. Jen
Customer: I can’t download songs. Progress icon keeps spinning. On both data WiFi. Stream works though. Can’t add songs to playlists. Agent: We want to help. Does restarting help at all? message us which iOS version you are on and we will continue support there.
Customer: Please check my message regarding a random withdrawal. Thanks Agent: Hi! I have sent you a DM.
Customer: Stop changing your story. First you tell me i’ll be receiving 1200 TWICE and now your saying 100. Agent: I am truly sorry for your eerience. Our team would like to look into this situation. Please message us to discuss details.
Customer: Sad when you have been a customer for over 18 years...amp they say “there is really nothing we can do”...must be time to switch! Agent: Good evening, Heather What seems to be the issue? Will you PM us with the specifics, please?
Customer: I am not able to get service in my region while my brothers app is wrking jst f9. Booking from Agent: Here to help! Send us a note at so our team can connect right away.
Customer: CAN YOU ORDER ALCOHOL FROM UBER EATS ?? Agent: For more info about sale of alcohol in UberEats, click here
Customer: Dear your stupid internet is down. I went to you because Verizon wouldn’t update their copper wires. Stop throttling! Agent: Hello, I am happy to look into your internet. Can you message your account name and full address?
Customer: send me the procedure to withdraw cash sent to my orange number Agent: Hi Titus, did you receive from a registered Mpesa customer? If so, visit any Mpesa agent with the sms to receive cash.
Customer: Going to take this in the consumer court...total fraud from amazon i will sue you guys for this ... Agent: we are unable to verify any detail over Twitter, Anjana. Please respond to our email so we could take it from there.
Customer: any updates for me??? Agent: Nope, not yet. Should be sometime this week. Gabe
Customer: Thank you Stopped by in costume cause it was so good last night for Monday nite football World Series tonight! Agent: Your week is off to a burritoful start! Becky
Customer: No need to message anything. Philadelphia market, test occurred at 0100 and 0110 hours for surrounding counties. Piss poor planning. Agent: I do understand your frustration and will forward the feedback. If you change your mind message us at any time.
Customer: 3 bowl. Best Halloween Agent: Thanks for stopping by. What did you get in your bowl? Becky
Customer: Youll were responsible for shipping my sister’s bday gift...the box was completely destroyed amp her item is now missing! Thanks!! Agent: Sorry to hear that. Have her contact us for assistance.
Customer: I sent you a DM. A service was still paid for but not provided. Even though you are working to deliver as quickly as possible this is deceptive. Agent: I understand and I am sorry that we currently do not have any other details to provide to you.
Customer: my internet is not working. I had called about 3 hours ago to set a pay arrangement and was told everything was good, and now this Agent: Hi. That is not the eerience we want for you. Please message for support. Erica
Customer: Hey is Shadow Of War remote play? Was thinking of getting a vita but i do not know if I can play my games remotely with it. Agent: Hi Damian! There is no information to share at the moment, stay tuned to our Blog for updates here
Customer: October 13th. The flight was diverted and the outbound flight had been canceled, so I am worried it looks funny in your system. Agent: Do you have an Alaska Confirmation code? Andre
Customer: hi! Any chance you can give me a list of songs played at one of your locations? Agent: Totally. what is the date, time and address of the location you visited?
Customer: I wish to close my account with you as I have another Amazon account operational now. Please get back to me on how to close it. Agent: Please write to us from here from the account you desire to close and our team will assist.
Customer: My account gotten took can yall get it the gamer tag is TalibanKelo508 Agent: Hello there. Please check your DMs for more instructions.
Customer: Shit wrong one Agent: Here is an article that elains why that happens Heather
Customer: On his way! Agent: Yahoo! Home stretch. Becky
Customer: thank you so much! Agent: you are welcome, feel free to contact us at anytime!
Customer: Then how should I reach you for assistance Agent: You have reached out to us by tweeting. As we cannot check your order details here, kindly connect with our support team.
Customer: We will be back Friday for lunch Agent: Friday will be here before you know it. Becky
Customer: I appreciate it. Agent: Anytime.
Customer: Not impressed with Amazon Logistics. Computer parts delayed a week and a refund is the only option? Really disappointed. Agent: I am sorry it is been delayed. we would like to look into this. Please send details about this order here
Customer: What The F... is this busy area charge on UberEATS. Could get two big Mac meals instead of one with Agent: Here to help! For more info please visit
Customer: Hahaha. Reported multiple times...even spoke to ur so called customer service.. no help... Agent: I get your disappointment. I’d like to help you please fill this form and I’ll contact you soon.
Customer: outage details, please Agent: Thank you for reaching out. Please message your account information so I can take a closer look.
Customer: I’m on the phone with your tech now looks like I’ll be another day without internet Agent: We understand.
Customer: Best chipotle costume ? chipotle Agent: it is definitely in the running. Becky
Customer: why doesn’t your receipt tell me how I’m paying? I placed an order but wasn’t asked how to pay amp your help section isn’t helpful Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
Customer: All of my songs disappeared from My Songs. they are still in the playlist but I am not able to view them. Agent: Hey, helps here! Can you try logging in on another device or the web player Are you seeing your songs? /
Customer: Yes I did. The dude even said thanks for watching now enjoy your 30 mins of ad free music. Agent: Hmm, that is odd. we will get this passed on to our devs so they can look into it. Give us a shout if you need anything else /
Customer: Captain of our Alaska flight just called a Korean war vet up to the cockpit to thank him for his service. Good stuff. AlaskaAir Agent: Thank you for sharing, Eric! I love hearing stories like this about our team Thanks for flying with us! Sara
Customer: Tried, did not work. How rude Agent: My apologies for that. Just sent you a message to help. Becky
Customer: Long day at work.Long flight for work.Long days away from the kids and hubby.Really appreciate the free drinks tonight Agent: Thanks for flying with us today, Kristin! Enjoy the lift amp free drink onboard tonight!
Customer: Already done Is there a website link for reference? No lie, I am going to need a bra and undies minimum if they are not here tomorrow. Agent: We understand. For any necessities, we recommend holding onto receipts for reimbursement consideration.
Customer: I can not find an option to get it there. It was just always there when playing. Agent: message us the specific iOS version you are running currently and we will continue there.
Customer: A drunk driver just demolished my ... HappyBirthday Agent: We hope everyone is ok. Please message us your email address and additional details so we can follow up immediately.
Customer: does your staff not know any manners ?? Left us sat waiting for 20 mins when we asked politely if he could move over Agent: To do this can you message the street name/postcode and time of the incident? Ty James
Customer: Got boorito dinner at with Agent: Lookin good! Becky
Customer: My travel nightmare. Oct 31 to Nov 1, 2017 “Departs 820pm” “Status Now 1245am” Agent: Sorry for the delay, Erik. we will have you in the air as soon as possible.
Customer: . You guys really have awful customer service. Support line tells me to call back before 6pm local time... it is 330! Agent: Hello Ben, I would be more than happy to assist you. Please send me a DM. Katie
Customer: what is up with 15 20 sec delay By The Way sound and picture? Nobody to speak with at customer service. Agent: Sorry! There may be a slight delay from cable. For streaming issues, let us know the device in use and try
Customer: ps. yesterday I got into a lobby for der eisendrache, but did not actually start a match. today however, I am getting the purchase prompt Agent: Hello there. Sorry for the late response. I am just checking if you still in need assistance. Please let me know.
Customer: Hi. My organization WebHack Ltd is struggling to receive business admin credentials for B2C shortcode <number>. Please help Agent: Send an email to email and do not forget to put a contact number.
Customer: i wanna know about fees and charge in a Checked Baggage Agent: Can we have your booking number? We will check manually for you from our end. ThanksSha
Customer: Yes I am looking for the may 27 bayou fest in New Orleans Agent: Thx.Pls visit If we can assist you in any way in the future,pls let us know.Thank you.
Customer: I’ve lost my network channels and other channels are glitchy. Need help! Agent: We are here to help, is this happening on all your TVs or a specific one?
Customer: Please reopen my account or share me the reason to close it. What information I have provided you wrong. Agent: If an account is put on hold a correspondence is sent to the registered email id. Please check the same for more info.
Customer: Pathetic Internet speed of Idea 4G Pospaid in Singrauli M P. Only 2 Bars of Signal are seen at my place. Agent: Sorry for trouble.We request you to share your Idea number for further assistance. Regards, Vicky
Customer: Hold on... how?... nvm Agent: that is not the feedback we like to read. What seems to be the issue? Let us know, we are here to help.
Customer: All I wanted today was a boorito from and it didn’t happen Maybe next Halloween. Agent: Why not? Becky
Customer: Appt. 7? If your techs return this time. 25 days, no internet. Disregard of your customers is repulsing..Maybe Agent: Our apologies for any frustrations or inconvenience Ramon. Is there anything we may be able to assist with? .
Customer: I need help watching live tv on my tv Agent: Hey there, Vincent! Which device are you on? Please note Live TV is available on devices w/the new Hulu
Customer: we want our BOOritos boorito Agent: What a great looking crew! Becky
Customer: What The F... y’all got going on with my emojis I’m seeing boxes and shit Agent: Hey there. 70 new Emoji have been released with iOS 11.1. Update to that and let us know how it goes.
Customer: . Do you think it will actually leave at 955? The people at the gate are not sure Agent: I think they both will.
Customer: boarding the 2245 from pad to swindon. Where in reading do I have to go for the bus?dont usually find staff to help!!! Agent: Hi there. Buses depart from the northern interchange at Reading. Phil.
Customer: my original echo some time say things without asking here anything ! This is really wired and creepy and scary!! Agent: Hmm, that is strange! Try going to Settings and reviewing your history. From here, you can see what prompted your Echo.
Customer: I’ve tried LB, RB amp X but nothing? Agent: Well, you can check your purchase history to crossreference what you hid.
Customer: Your app is really broken. I have tried to use my 15 Amex credit two times and it keeps charging my Agent: Here to help! Find out more about Amex, and send us a note here, and our team will follow up.
Customer: So my 12 ride just turned into 387. Really ??? Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can connect.
Customer: How long will it take for you to update your banking app to be native with the iPhone X? Agent: Our current app should function with iPhone X, please let us know if you’re having a specific problem. kc
Customer: I’d still rather have a screen though. Rather not cause neck problems looking down all flight at a tablet Agent: We appreciate your feedback!
Customer: Is it possible to prevent AMZL from delivering my packages moving forward? Stuff is either lost/stolen/broken EVERY time. Agent: Oh no! We want to hear more about your eerience with AMZL. Please provide your feedback here
Customer: i’m pissed my shuffle and repeat button just don’t fucking work and i’m getting frustrated Agent: Hey! What device, operating system, and Spotify version are you using? we will see what we can suggest /
Customer: 2 of 2 On 4G signal same thing but error message is Sorry There Was an Uneected error. Tried deleting app and restoring as well. Agent: I am very sorry Andrew. What store does this happen in? Dan
Customer: Hi just bit into one of your jam doughnuts and it had custard in it ... not happy to say the least Agent: Oh no! Sorry about this Will. Which store did you buy these from? I will get this sorted for you. Robbie
Customer: Thanks for quick response. All LEDs on router were green but no internet. Router DHCP was fine just no outside. Router reset resolved! Agent: Glad to hear it!
Customer: okay. thank you anyways Agent: No worries! Let us know if you ever need us again. we would be... /
Customer: का एकाउंट परमानेंटली डिलीट कैसे करते है? Agent: Kindly reach out our support team here for more details on account closure.
Customer: fuck 2,200 for a one way first class ticket n ur shit chairs don’t recline back nor foot rest raise up! Food was awful! ☹️ Agent: we would like to make sure this is fixed, please message your record locator. Also, did you let our crew know?
Customer: when will we see season 4 on hulu Agent: Hi, AJ! We do not have a timeline, but keep the show in WL/My Stuff and stay tuned to for updates.
Customer: Hi! Someone changed my password hacked. Asked reset link x 3 over an hour ago no email. Not in junk. What can I do? Agent: Sorry for the delay and trouble, Melanie! So we can get our team on this with you, please call using
Customer: Maybe push them into fixing broken achievements on Xbox One? Agent: Hello! If you are seeing achievement issues, we recommend the steps over in our guide here
Customer: It was wonderful and your staff are great I hope to see you all again soon Agent: Thanks, Jo. we will be waiting for you anytime!
Customer: its a bit concerning Agent: Hello, please send us your full name/ZIP/phone /so our Social Care Team can follow up with you. Thank you. sp
Customer: Ok thanks for your reply.I will keep an eye on the website.My husband and I are planning for next year, hopefully you run the route. Thank You Agent: we will keep everything crossed for you! Happy holidays! Lisa
Customer: On my way to Seattle for conference PASSsummit. Tweeted from the plane on while drinking a notpaidforadvertising Agent: it is a pleasure having you onboard for the ride, Joel. Now just sit back, relax, and enjoy your cup of 23 flavors at 35k!
Customer: You DO care Agent: We sure do. Feel free to send a tweet our way if you ever need any help with anything /
Customer: ? It advertised as 12 and some change . It charged 17 and change ... What’s with that? Agent: Can you please provide additional details so we can follow up? Thanks!
Customer: Is this in the remote itself? Under setup or help? Agent: To navigate to settings, click XFINITY on the remote, then scroll over to Settings the icon looks like a gear.
Customer: My internet went out in the storm. I got a message it was restored, but it’s not working. Can you tell me if my area is still down? Agent: Hello, Can you message us with the account name and service address. We would like to help with this issue. Dan
Customer: Hey another £60 spend on groceries, but 2nd week I have not received my fuel voucher. what is going on?? Agent: Hi Emma, I am sorry that you have not received the petrol voucher with your purchase. Was your shop done on line or in store?
Customer: I’m looking to get some information regarding Delta to help me with a presentation on Delta. Is there anyone I can contact? Agent: Hi, Conner, there is a wealth of information on our website. Here is a link Hope this helps.
Customer: Thanks for that but I’m talking about modern warfare 2 remastered if they plan on working on that in the future. It’s my favorite cod Agent: Unfortunately I dont have information on future titles or updates. Ex
Customer: Thanks for ruining the end of the SJSharks game with your “weekly test.” Do it at fucking 3am when no one is watching anything. Agent: I can understand your frustration over the disruption. Can you please message the name, address amphone number on the account?
Customer: No it says another system is activated and no matter what I try or anyone I have talked to has tried I cannot get it back into my account Agent: Did you try to deactivate it via PC? Steps here
Customer: food delivery due between 910pm. Still not arrived. Customer services did not answer call. Services now closed. What should I do? Agent: Sorry, did you receive your order or manage to speak with anybody? Ceri
Customer: Thanks. Do you know if you will be running it winter 2018? Specifically Dec 2018 Jan 2019. Planning a hol and was hoping to use this route Agent: website when they have been finalised. 2/2Corry
Customer: who ate all the pies? Not me, I am vegan and you do not have any vegan pies! Agent: Sorry Terri ☹️
Customer: i’ve did that and it will be on this screen for like 5 min and then it’ll go right back to the first error screen Agent: Are you able to try performing the offline update
Customer: What else can I provide? They refuse to help me because they cannot validate the account... Agent: We would not be able to verify anything without authenticating your account.
Customer: horrible service, lousy customer care, non existent courier phone numbers. So much for becoming a Prime customer! Agent: Sorry to know about the delivery issue. Did we happen to miss estimate as mentioned here ?
Customer: I find it funny that your business model is to risk all revenue instead of just giving the same deals to everyone, not just new customers Agent: We are more than happy to try and resolve the issue. Certainly in reaching out to us you were hoping we could wor...
Customer: can I get help with ticket <number>? Agent: Hi there. Can you please send us a message with your phone number?
Customer: hi! Does your iced Plum Ginger Hibiscus tea have caffeine? Agent: Hi there! Our Plum Ginger Hibiscus Tea is caffeine free Check it out here
Customer: Yeah so gave me the worst ride of my life just now I’m disgusted Agent: Hey, there! We are sorry to hear this. We want to look into this for you. Please message us your phone number, and more details on this ride.
Customer: Yes, they’ve reset all of the tv’s twice. This is the second straight time this has happened in the last two weeks. Agent: I apologize for the inconvenience, can you please message me your confirmation code so I can get more information? Sean
Customer: Hats off to ! Great service and such a friendly crew! Thank you SLC➡️SAN DIEGO! for the hour of free WiFi! Agent: Glad to hear it! Thanks for choosing to fly Alaska, your welcome back anytime you like! Sean
Customer: When you go to in a costume for a 3 boorito and you get charged full price Agent: That should not happen – I am so sorry. Please tell us more Becky
Customer: . how do i dispute a charge? Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address and specific details of your issue so we can follow up.
Customer: Could you pls follow me so I can message a question? I got email purporting to be from GoDaddy but sending address looks suspect. Agent: Hi, you can message us your issue without us following you. KayJay
Customer: Thank you for the list. I didn’t think about using my Xbox. Agent: Happy to help, James! We can let our team know youd love to see it on the earlier generations of the device in the future.
Customer: would you class internet as infrastructure? If so why do not you accept invoices from ISP as verification of an address? Agent: Hi there! I am sorry to hear about this situation. Please send us a message with some more details about this!
Customer: watching World Series and saw this ad. Try fixing LTE in <number> it’s only been 17 mths of poor service Agent: Hey there! I would love to look into this! Hit me up in DM! PeteHarman
Customer: I am on the adobe customer care chat now waiting to chat to someone. I want 2 have my original photoshop back...i didnt ask for an upgrade Agent: we are looping in an eert who can help you out here. They will reply as soon as they are available. Raj
Customer: Yah know... I am really really really tired of Agent: Tell us why? We really want to know.
Customer: Hey there, I want like 5 sausage McMuffins. However, no restaurants show up on your app. Tryna help me out here? Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address and more details so we can follow up.
Customer: is there any news on when the WiFi calling Plus will be available for the Note8? Agent: Currently, the Note 8 does have WiFi Calling. Send us a message so we can provide you with the steps to activate it.
Customer: Sounds like generic yourenotgonnafixit replh Agent: We cannot make any promises about HDMI streaming, but rest assured that we care about your concerns and have shared the feedback.
Customer: having trouble with a cable box, can you help? Agent: My apologies for any issues you are currently having. I would be happy to help anyway we can. Please message your service p...
Customer: This was not even cooked you all did me dirty tonight. Also they forgot the chips for my nachos Agent: We need to make up. message us.
Customer: Hi there, cannot find info online on terms of use for a super off peak travel card in London what times can I travel etc? Agent: Hi Becky, you can see this information here gt If you need any further clarification, please contact us again.
Customer: sure is!! thanks ❤ Agent: I love it! And you are welcome. Becky
Customer: And it’s out again this morning! Agent: We would be happy to help, please message account details. Thanks.
Customer: I’m sitting in first class and none of your live tv channels are working for GAME 6 of the World Series. Agent: Sorry about that Javi, have you notified the flight attendants? Sometimes they need to be reset. Sean
Customer: Amazonで買い物なんかしてないのになんか届いてるけど怖くて開けられん Agent: 失礼いたします、Amazonです。お知り合いからの贈り物の可能性がございますが、もしお心当たりがない場合は、確認した上でご案内いたしますので、リンクよりカスタマーサービスにお問い合わせください。
Customer: Thanks happyhalloween chipotle Agent: that is very concerning. Please provide more details here Becky
Customer: falsely advertising same day delivery would like a refund please Agent: Hi, I am responding to your message now Daniel
Customer: I Broke My Phone And Yah Insurance Clam Thing Giving Me The Run Around Agent: Hey Stephany, you would have reached out to us in regards to some service issues. Resolution SUP
Customer: lol... understand told you netflix options were garbage. this is spectrums on demand which is too Agent: Hello, If you are having any issues with On Demand, please send me a message and I will be glad to assist you.
Customer: your customer service is poor.... today I was advised to change the password on my hacked account ... might be a challenge don’t you think ?! Agent: Sorry to hear you feel that way. we have just sent you more info via DM. we will continue helping out there /
Customer: Its back! Agent: Great to hear. If you need any other assistance, please feel free to reach out to us at any time.
Customer: Thank you, but it’s clearly an outage on your end so I don’t need to futz around plugging amp unplugging. Agent: I see, if you reconsider please let us know! Happy to help.
Customer: When did you preorder? Agent: Yes maam, most order are being held because apple has not officially launched the phone.
Customer: Dear , thanks for the stale, hard chalupa. It was super good. sarcasm Agent: This is not okay. message us.
Customer: just ordered for the first time. Order botched. Driver cant fix. Bayonne McDs wont answer phone. fail neveragain Agent: Sorry to hear about that! Send us a note at so our team can further assist.
Customer: Mine was still doing it after the update Agent: let us take a look together! To start, please message us which device and OS version we are working with
Customer: still no news regarding my lost luggage 24hrs later. Does your system work?! Agent: It does Craig. We apologise for any inconvenience caused. we are working hard on reuniting you. Lolly
Customer: just received a payment confirmation from my Mum’s account to my email address! Massive breach of data protection!!! Agent: Hello I am so sorry to hear about that issue. Can you please send me a DM, so we can work on this further? Thanks in advance!
Customer: Ok thanks. Agent: Sure thing! Have a great flight. We truly appreciate your loyalty to our brand!
Customer: . I see You support but what we really need is a Slack channel that shows newampchanged documents in a folder! Agent: Hey there, we’re happy to pass on your suggestion. Can you message us a few more details? Thanks!
Customer: How is it possible that in Washington, DC, does not have CSPAN in HD? Takes a lot to be surprised at a cable companys bad service but wow Agent: Our apologies as we broadcast the feeds that are provided to us.
Customer: Why would we be receiving errors when we try to checkin? Our flight takes off at 4 but we keep getting error messages... Agent: Happy to take a look into this, Christine. Please message us your confirmation number so we can follow up.
Customer: 10 minute of internet 15 minutes of no internet. Now I have internet, cannot get on the cox website to get mail. No one has helped us. Agent: Hi Carole, we can take a look at your connection. Please message your home address. Brian
Customer: Que hueva tendré que veré vaselina por Amazon prime video. Obvio me pasan una lana por promocionar prime video Agent: Hola Val Damon. Puedes hacer una prueba gratuita de Prime Video si nunca lo has usado. Accesa este enlace
Customer: ordered a cheese quesadillas and got just...bread??? Agent: We can do better. message us.
Customer: I love . They take such great care of their passengers. What a relief after American. Agent: I am so glad we could take care of you. Andre
Customer: Hello there i need help with the use of an administartors name and password on my imac Agent: Hi! we are happy to help. Join us in message with the macOS version installed on your iMac and more details about what is going on.
Customer: hi I got some odd text alert from you I do not have your service why would I get alerts Agent: address, and phone number so I can assist further with this issue. Thanks!
Customer: azTechHelp unable to connect MS Access database after not using it for 2 months, error <number>, no such host is known Agent: Are you still seeing this issue? Let us know. we are here to help.
Customer: Come on . Get it together. This is like the 5th Target I have seen this at. By the each... Agent: That does not seem right! Please provide which store you visited and then we can reach out to the Store Leadership Team.
Customer: I am now at work and many people have over time and nothing has changed. I am at work now so cannot go back and find him Agent: No worries, whenever you have the time please do. Let me know if you have more questions!
Customer: Wow another price increase from . Started at 40 dollars after promo 6 years ago and it has since doubled. Agent: 2 Have you spoken with our loyalty team about your monthly rate? Karen
Customer: Massive shout out to for all of their help today with my flight situation. Y’all are amazing!! Agent: Thank you, we are here when you Need us, Just Tweet us.
Customer: fuming right now with argos! was meant to have a delivery tonight between 7pm10pm and didn’t even show up!? Agent: HI there. Can you follow and message us your order number so we can look into this for you? Thanks Tom
Customer: Only our missing baggage claim number Agent: flexibility on this. Please message us your reference, full name and email address. Thanks. Jane
Customer: Already fixed! Thank you! Agent: Glad to hear everything is back up and running! If you ever need anything else you know where to find us! Matt
Customer: If I wear a basketball jersey would that count as a costume? Agent: Sure thing! Becky
Customer: need to recover my account whose password I have lost. I have not added any email address. Agent: We can take a look! Send us a note via so our team can get in touch.
Customer: y’all need to hire some new cooks at store 1710 cause I’m tired of my pizza lookin like my unborn child made it. Agent: we are sorry this happened. Please message us your contact info and store address. Thanks!
Customer: Halloween boorito run to Chipotle! Thanks for making our night, Agent: Thanks for stopping by! Becky
Customer: What are they telling you now Agent: Hello. Is there something we can help you with?
Customer: Hi I flew BA198 from Mumbai to London today and my cabin crew called Victor amp Sarah were the best cabin crew ever. payrise Agent: that is great to hear, Stephen. we will pass your lovely comments on. Helen
Customer: why is your grocery delivery guy just sitting outside when he only has 4 minutes left to deliver my groceries? Agent: Hi Robyn, sorry for the delay in getting back to you. Can you please confirm if the delivery was made successfully? Thanks Craig
Customer: hi. can you pretty, pretty please put the band jank back on spotify? Agent: Hey Claire! Sometimes content gets temporarily removed because of licensing changes. Hopefully we will have them available again soon /
Customer: 8390 NW Eressway Oklahoma City, OK <number> United States Agent: Thanks. we are on it.
Customer: Your guys app isn’t working and now I’m stuck in this line Y’all did this on purpose I’m livid Agent: We do not accept online orders during our annual Boorito promo, and my apologies for any frustration. Becky
Customer: Appalling commercial/customer awareness this evening. My patience and like for Avios points are almost at an end. Agent: We do not like to hear this, Terry. Can you tell us more? Helen
Customer: I’m trying to apply my photo code and it’s not working. Agent: Hey! I want you to get thanked! Shoot me a message here and we’ll check it out! KrystnYogi
Customer: quick question guys.. would you know why I am suddenly appearing online when I am in offline mode in Destiny 2? Agent: Sorry to hear that! Disconnect your router and console from the power source for 3 minutes, reconnect them and try again.
Customer: Nope just wanted to let you know Agent: Okay if you change your mind we are here.
Customer: i’m only a few months away from 21. let me drive anyway Agent: Here to help! For more info please visit
Customer: Hi does the new app have an option to buy an open return? Agent: Yes it does. You need to select the return journey then in the ticket flexibility menu you can select open return
Customer: how are you open serving just fries, drinks and dessert?! Why be open 24hrs then? Line down the road Agent: that is not cool. Where did this happen?
Customer: And that is for the UK? Can I get it On the xbox store via my xbox? Agent: preorder the game on the UK version of the site. Let us know if you are unable to. 2
Customer: I need to cancel an order. Your dasher hasn’t even picked up my food and it’s been over an hour. Your online agent chat has a line Agent: Hi Kreme, So sorry to hear about your order. Please message us your info and we will get this sorted for you. Thanks DoorDash
Customer: logistics dpt created ticket 24 hrs ago with no response as promised. Feeling so disappointed word was not kept ! feeling unimportant Agent: Sorry about that! Can you reach us here again, please
Customer: y’all lie about your “great” connection. 5 bars LTE, still won’t load something. Smh. Agent: H there! we would definitely like to work with you on this, how long have you been eeriencing this issue?
Customer: please help my order was supposed to come today and it is not arrived! Web chat are no help at all!!!! Agent: Hi Loren. Can you follow, and message us your order number so we can look into this for you? Thanks Tom
Customer: Trying to book a flight on and an error comes up System having trouble. Anyone else having problem? Agent: we are sorry for any difficulties that you have eerienced. Please contact our Web Technical Support folks at <number>.
Customer: why is my phone doing this Agent: let us look into this for you. Send us a message with your iOS version to get started.
Customer: WHY DID YOU MAKE ME PAY TO CHANGE MY DELIVERY DATE THEN DISREGARD THE CHANGED DATE AND DELIVERED IT ANYAYS?????!!?!!?! Agent: I am sorry the package was delivered early. Please message the tracking number. We will look into this concern for you.
Customer: Biggest regret of 2017 signing up with ... still waiting for them to give me the internet they’re charging me for Agent: I am sorry to hear that, Kayla. Please message once you are restored for that credit for the time down, though. we are here to help. Mike
Customer: hi! I have been having this error code towards the end of my videos and no matter what seems to do, it does not work Agent: Hey there! Which device do you use amp what error code are you seeing? Are both shows and movies affected?
Customer: Will changing my password stop this person from using my ? Agent: Hey Richard! We’re sorry to hear that. Check out for what to do next /
Customer: No problem! it is my favourite time of year, and was awesome to see no pumpkin size/shape went to waste! Agent: Do share any fun carvings you and the kids do. Hope you have a lovely weekend ~Tabby
Customer: Hi Iam bught 50 psn card and i lost 2 Letter now ihave acard and ican imagine him Agent: Sorry to hear that, Please make sure you are following us, so we can assist you better via a Direct Message.
Customer: after playing for a hour, my network on ps4 just drops to 67.9kbps.then I cannot play any gamescod black ops3.pls help Agent: Hi There! Please power cycle your network devices and try again
Customer: The line for is out the door with costumers. Taking full credit here. Agent: And by costumers, you mean customers in costumes? Jen
Customer: Did the driver veer off the road? Agent: Hi Queen, So sorry about your order. Please message us your information and we will be in touch right away to resolve. Thank you
Customer: Thank you for being responsive and helpful and more than making up for a bad flight! stayingloyal Agent: Thanks for your loyalty! It means the world to us.
Customer: This what happens to my iPhone after I downloaded IOS 11.1 Agent: We certainly want to help! Is this while connected to iTunes? Send us a message to let us know.
Customer: THANK YOU for our BOORITOs! ChipotleRocks Agent: Thank you for stopping by! Jen
Customer: what’s going on w/ your internet services ? My WiFi is continuously going in amp out Agent: Hello, I would like to help get your WiFi working again. Can you message me your address and phone number to locate your account?
Customer: So grateful we can ship supplies to fam in P.R. thru ! Any chance discounted rate will be extended? customer4life Agent: The last day for the discounted rate is .
Customer: Yeah, nothing has worked. The controller is not powering on. Just getting that faint light from the home button and that is it. Agent: Thanks for trying out those steps. Just to clarify, have you tested plugging in a USB cable directly into the console?
Customer: great airline. No fees to check bags, free drinks and snacks on board. And complimentary Halloween sweets! Great stuff guys Agent: We aim to make travel easy as possible and we appreciate the shoutout, Daniel! We cannot wait to see you at 35k again soon.
Customer: Never ordering pizza from again when there is a big event on,still waiting hourandAhalflater neveragain popanever Agent: we are sorry for the wait time! Please message us your contact info and store address. Thanks!
Customer: hi this is happening once a week, it is stuck in a very annoying cycle amp I cannot restore it Agent: Hello, Chris. let us investigate this. Are you still eeriencing the issue? What troubleshooting steps have you tried so far?
Customer: Hi. Please help me to change the salutation Ms to Mr for Robos Anak Nyaraw, booking num FF2ZL. Thanks in advance Agent: Hi Apis, salutation correction done for this booking FF2Z4L. Please check your mailbox for the revised itinerary. Thanks Mariya
Customer: Problem is when you check the website compulsively and it’s not updated! Agent: We understand that is important to update info quickly and we appreciate your feedback on this.
Customer: Fill an entire plane amp start to leave only to find out the plane’s not fit to fly and ask everyone to deplane? Good riddance. Agent: I am sorry what is your flight number? Andre
Customer: you’re legitimately the worst company. Agent: Hi there! I am sorry to hear about this situation. Please send us a message with some more details about this!
Customer: Trying to get a friends playlist on my Amazon music app but it keeps giving me the following message Agent: Very strange! Is your friend able to replicate the issue on his app? You might also need to try uninstalling and reinstalling the app.
Customer: Every year, my trickortreating routine is walking to Chipotle, spending 3 dollars and walking back home. Agent: that is the best kind of trickortreating. All treats, my friend. Becky
Customer: Why when I play “Shadows of Evil,” I have the Group 935 Max Ammo sign? Probably another bug. Agent: Hey there, thanks for reaching out. Can you provide a video of the issue you are eeriencing?
Customer: Yes that didn’t work Agent: Thanks for trying. Please follow and message us to continue.
Customer: I did man. Agent: Thanks for sending the message I will meet you there NickSuzuki
Customer: Hi UBER, I cannot use to login and booking for my trip, is really important to me RIDE UBER Agent: We can definitely take a closer look! Contact us here so we can help.
Customer: Sure. Please drop me a message now. Agent: Great. Please go to log in and select code <number> and we will continue our conversation there.
Customer: Love these detailed updates from / so great to download nearly 100MB of ???? each week or two! Agent: Hi Caspar. Thanks for bringing this up. We’re always testing things in order to improve amp we will pass on your thoughts to our devs /
Customer: , not the A350FirstFlyers , but dinner and service on flight 820 tonight is pretty darn good! Agent: Enjoy!
Customer: Hi, your service is completely unreliable. the stream freezes and the voices out of sync. totallydisappointed pleasefix Agent: Yikes! Any specific show that is freezing and dialogue is out of sync? What device is in use? Try
Customer: how do I get in contact with someone higher about one of customer service reps deliberately messing up my accounts and lying. Her name is Ann Agent: Hi there! Sorry to hear about your neagtive eerience! Please send us a message so we can assist you better. S..
Customer: I used my sim By The Way Agent: Hey! we have just sent you a DM. let us carry on chatting there /
Customer: the Hulu app logged me out, amp when I try to log in, I get An error occurred. Please try again later amp I know the login Agent: Sorry for the delayed reply! If you are still running into trouble, let us know the device in use and try
Customer: I bought an iPhone 8 with AppleCare. Wanting to return the iPhone 8. What happens with the AppleCare? Agent: Thanks for contacting us. we would like to gather some info to help out. let us meet in .
Customer: any idea when this order will arrive? I have a sassy Brit since grocery stopped carrying his teatime isthisatrick Agent: I am sorry there was a delay! Let us know if your package does not arrive by November 2. Please keep us posted on its delivery.
Customer: how is this a LOADED POTATO GRILLER? This is the second time I got one with only bits in it. P.s.I pulled off the shell.empty Agent: We can do better. message us.
Customer: I went to tonight and they didn’t have cheese.... awkward Agent: Awkward for us too. Sorry that happened. Jen
Customer: I submitted the incident via your link. Agent: Thank you, and someone should be in contact with you no later than tomorrow morning. Becky
Customer: what is up with all the outages I am getting. I normally do not mind but this is getting out of hand.... Agent: Good morning. If you would please message your account or phone number, I will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: Really Arbys? Cheese paper cooked into my fried turkey sandwich, amp Loaded Italians completely messed up! Agent: We apologize. Please email us your tweet to email with contact info amp we will make this right.
Customer: iPhone 6 and yes it’s got the latest software update Agent: Thanks for letting us know. we would like to take a further look into this. Please send us a DM, and we will continue there.
Customer: When you have to triple take to tell if the cop in is an actual police officer or just a dude dressed up for a 3 boorito Agent: Which was it? Becky
Customer: Hiya Agent: FRREEEEEEDDDDOOOMMMMM!
Customer: Just trying to view my trips and access my account. Everything looks ok with my phone connection. Agent: Oh no! Are you able to log out and back in? Or have you updated your Mobile App and/or phone?
Customer: I have replied to the email... lets see if I can get positive and useful response atleast once after so much escalation Agent: Thank you for confirming. You should hear an update from us soon. Keep an eye on your mailbox.
Customer: . I’m trying to get through on the phone to book bicycles onto services. Ive been on hold for ages? Any help available? Agent: If you could message your journey details/booking reference we can take a look in to this and reserve the spaces where possible
Customer: it is fucking cold and we have to wait 15 min. I want to cancel my taxi. It does not work. Pls help. There are taxis inf front Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: CAN YOU ANSWER MY MESSAGE Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: sales department and installation team has few things in common, UNPROFESSIONALISM, RUDENESS amp LACK OF RESPONSIBILITY amp CARE Agent: Hello, I would be more than happy to assist you. Please send me a DM. Katie
Customer: Regional and global. I but right now I am more worried about my global ones.. I got 4 last year and only used 2.. but somehow they are gone Agent: ...are all showing used. HDG
Customer: You have no replacement screens for the 6s and do not know when to eect. Your inventory issue becomes my problem. Agent: Unfortunately, screen repair is not guaranteed for all devices. Another option is to complete your claim for a replacement.
Customer: This is why I love my sister Agent: I would call that a salsa sista. Jen
Customer: My phone been fucking up all week ! Agent: we would like to help. what is going on?
Customer: Hey this is great! Saw this at When is this coming to an airport near me? Agent: we are testing this out right now, Joellen. But be sure to leave your feedback and tell us what you think at
Customer: Happy Halloween! I broke out my KO cosplay today for and and totally not because of . Not at all. Agent: We appreciate you stopping by! Becky
Customer: form has been filled awaiting for a solution n refund. I have already invested my energy in elaining before, kindly treat it urgent. Agent: Apologies for the bad eerience. Thanks for sharing your details. we will get in touch with you. Appreciate your patience.
Customer: Today is the day that lost my business for the rest of my life as well as everyone in my family. Agent: Whoa, what is going on that you are feeling this way towards us?
Customer: azcommunity HI, I am unable to activate my student account, can you help me? Agent: Sorry to hear you are having an issue. Could you provide us with more information and we will look into it.
Customer: thanks for the chicken quesadilla with no chicken or cheese! Agent: let us make up. message us.
Customer: Hey , what is going on with the “I️” key in iOS 11.1. When you press it, it defaults to a weird character and skips spaces. Agent: let us look into this for you. Send us a message and we can check on available options.
Customer: can I just confirm the email that would send passport details to change a name on a ticket is email? Agent: Hi Sam, that is the correct email. Helen
Customer: When a top notch boorito horror story becomes a cruel tragedy. Agent: Ugh. that is heartbreaking. Please tell us more so we can help Becky
Customer: When youd rather pay the extra 5 for than wait for 3045 mins in a line full of kids on Halloween sadtweet Agent: We appreciate your patience. Becky
Customer: Didn’t know I needed to. Is that really a thing?! But still Prime shipping should be 2 days, correct? Agent: Yes, ReleaseDate Delivery is definitely a thing and the Amazon Prime two day shipping does mean two days after processed.
Customer: I wish would put a location closer to me Agent: we are sorry, Emma! We will forward your feedback for review! What city and state are you in?
Customer: Comcast you SUCK!! Your customer service SUCKS!!!You new Xfinity X1 platform sucks!! Will you ever fix my bill and deliver what you promised Agent: If you change your mind, please reach out.
Customer: Banking. Agent: Put 0s in front of the number you have.
Customer: Horrible service from not concerned for our safety and didn’t even listen to our side of the story! Agent: We would like to look into this for you. Please message your email address and the reservation code. We are standing by. Thank you.
Customer: I really enjoyed my trip from Europe to Brazil in D1 amp first with so I have booked another Agent: That is great to hear, Gary. We are looking forward to having you on board!
Customer: after I upgraded my iPhone to iOS 11.0.3, the back camera and the flash stopped working. Could you do something? Agent: Hi, we will be happy to help. To start, let us give the troubleshooting steps in this article a try
Customer: Get your food for 3 if you come in a costume!!! Agent: Truth! Thanks so much for the shout out. Becky
Customer: When I open the GPS map on UberEATS and see that my driver has turned down the wrong street Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: i had a 1 TB external hard drive on my xbox, it was accidentally unplugged, and when i plug it back in, it wont work, any fix? Agent: Hi there! Have you tested using an alternate USB port on the console?
Customer: My uber app does not accept payment via PayTM, please fix this issue. Agent: Here to help! Contact us here so we can take a closer look.
Customer: hey paypal gifts is not working ???.. help pleaseee Agent: Thank you for contacting PayPal. Please send us a message with your PayPal email address and we will be happy to help.
Customer: What do you make of this? Top left corner I am a US customer, and I think my phone has been hacked. Agent: let us look into this for you. Send us a message with your current iOS version to get started.
Customer: iPad to tv thru USB connection Agent: Got it, this set up is not currently supported we will eress the interest to our team for the future
Customer: I followed up as you suggested and I am not getting any satisfaction. They just get me the stock answer over and and I followed your protocol Agent: Hi, Russell. we have gone ahead and followed up with your support inquiry. Please review our response inapp or via email.
Customer: really needs to fix this update. My phone has never been slower, for real. Agent: we are here to help with any issues you may having with performance. Let us know the exact iOS version to get started.
Customer: week 2 licence wont validate my minecraft for windows 10 Agent: Hi, can you direct message us and elain what issue you need assistance with?
Customer: First Mint eerience on halloween night is quite a treat but is the a trick a broken armrest? Agent: Oh no! Please let our inflight crew know so they can help. Thanks!
Customer: 100 I think. We were at 50. Maybe we are talking the same thing. Just terrible internet Agent: Are you eeriencing this issue with all devices in the home or just one? Allan
Customer: Branch from Trolls And the Boorito was delicious! Thank you! Agent: you are very welcome, my friend. Becky
Customer: Hello my driver is endangering my life with his costume Agent: We take this very seriously. Please contact us via so we can follow up.
Customer: excuse me, can someone elain to me why when I type an “I️” alone I️ get an A and a question mark??????? Agent: we will be happy to take a look into it with you. Please send us a message with what version of iOS you have.
Customer: cannot change my new Email address with ! I am repeatedly told There was a problem with your Password Agent: Hi, sorry to hear that you are having trouble logging in. Please contact us here to look into this.
Customer: your service is a joke. I can’t wait to kill myself because of it. it’ll all be your fault. thanks Agent: We know how important it is to stay connected, we are here to assist as needed. ChanneyT
Customer: Thank you for making my 6 hour flight smooth from DCA to SFO and your fall spirit Agent: It was a pleasure having you onboard, Jenn. Come back and see us again soon!
Customer: was not tracked as sent via Royal Mail. I have emailed the seller. Agent: How long has it been since you have emailed the seller?
Customer: my watch has been saying I’ve been averaging 57 minutes, now today it’s 52, I checked and did the math it’s 57... what the??? Agent: we would like to help. let us take this to message and we will elore ways to provide you assistance.
Customer: I have inked in detail at the given URL...hope to see some useful action Agent: Thanks for the heads up! we will check this and get back with an update soon.
Customer: mobileCare Agent: I see that you have recently posted to Comcast, how can I help? ~
Customer: sure is frustrating to pay 100 a year for Prime and not have my Prime items delivered after 5 days. Agent: TwoDay Shipping refers to transit time, in business days, once shipped. Did we miss our mark?
Customer: what channel is the Sixers game on if it is Blacked out on NBA tv??? <number> Agent: We do not have control over blackouts. If you are unable to view the game on that channel. Try your local channels.
Customer: Thank You 4 the awesome customer service. My stolen funds will B replaced amp my new card is N the mail. Yall R awesome Agent: Thank you for choosing American Eress as your Card of choice Eric. Enjoy your evening!
Customer: Dear I found a hair in food I bought from you. It’s not my hair as I have a no1 cut. Agent: Many thanks and kind regards! Martin
Customer: I reinstalled everything. How I am supposed to download PP 2015.3?? I tried 2015 amp it was too old to open my project. Agent: Hi Pat, it seems like 2015.3 is already installed. What is the version in which the project is created? Thanks.
Customer: when you go to check in and the one week you need to be at the front for a sharp exit and you’ve been put out your seat! Agent: Hi Clare, please accept our apologies for any inconvenience the changing of your seat reservation has caused.
Customer: Ordered cases for our new iPhone X and sent me iPhone 8 cases for BOTH ones. NOT THE SAME PHONE! pissed Agent: I am sorry you did not receive the correct items! I recommend trying the steps here for wrong items
Customer: Celebrating Halloween today! iamalaska love ☠️ Agent: Loving your spooky boots! Thanks for taking care of our guests. Kimball
Customer: Under a couple of whole chips was a pile of crumbs. Don’t eect a 5 star meal but c’mon man don’t crunch the chips Agent: let us make up. message us.
Customer: Never go all day without eating and then eat an entire chipotle burrito your stomach will hate you forever Agent: that is concerning. Please tell us more here Becky
Customer: Do I need to check in for my Qantas leg separately? Agent: You should not need to. Let our airport team know if you need assistance on the day of departure.
Customer: I haven’t had phone/Video/internet service in 2 days and hear nothing from you...every restoration time has been wrong Agent: Good evening, have you had a chance to reboot your battery backup at this point?
Customer: Man I pissed. Look what arbys on 260th amp Euclid then hit me with. A DAM PLASTIC BAG IN MY… Agent: We apologize. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: I bought tmobile s8 plus on Amazon and I found out it was locked.. please if it can be unlocked.. I have the unlock app Agent: Unlocks are my thing!! Shoot me a message and let us see what I can do!! SurDuaneMcGurn
Customer: IDK what in Gods name is going on with your app that it has frozen on me n cxld my ride, rerouted me25 diff wrong addresses? Agent: Sometimes the Uber system is faulty and your application may not be working properly. To troubleshoot, visit
Customer: hi just a query on how there is a late arriving aircraft when the flight is just over 24hrs away? This this a glitch? Agent: London Gatwick. there is a chance we could reduce the delay, so please arrive at the airport for the original departure time. Natalie
Customer: Adult trickortreating for me is going to as many as I can find for Booritos Agent: I like your style, my friend. Becky
Customer: Better give me a bangalore assistant Agent: Happy to further assist you! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: buenas tardes. Intento comprar por play store y me rechaza las compras Agent: Hola!¿Podria decirnos si recibe un codigo de error o algun mensaje?
Customer: In route to my favorite cityNYC via my fave airlines So proud of the first responders and residents that make NewYorkStrong Agent: Aw, you are our favorite too, Areva! Thanks for choosing us for your travel needs.
Customer: i have lost my sony offical wireless stereo headset 2.0 adapter,is there anyway i could get a new adapter sent to me? Agent: Sorry to hear that! We have sent you a Direct Message via Twitter with further instructions.
Customer: You need signs then. Like the ones for lemons now they are behind the counter. Why is it food safe for forks but not spoons and knives? Agent: There should be a sign up either at the register or the drink station. Jen
Customer: is there an outage in the Minneapolis/St. Paul Minnesota area? Agent: Thank you for reaching out to us. Please send us a Direct Message, so that we can further assist you. C.
Customer: Yes I see that. Your app says the incoming flight arrives at 1005 so how are we going to take off at 1010? Agent: that is the most current info, but if there is any further update our gate team will provide it as it becomes available.
Customer: So my ISP Really screwed me over, so I switched to Agent: Hi, I am glad to hear you switched to Xfinity! Let me know if you need any assistance!
Customer: She worked first class. Blonde hair, shoulder length. Prob late 40s. Agent: Thanks for the info David. we will pass this on to our team so she gets the recognition she deserves.
Customer: I can order the right size in Morrisons but would prefer to use yourselves! Agent: Hi Laura. Thank you for contacting us. What store were you looking to purchase your turkey? Many thanks Amanda
Customer: Everyone Flying sucks on halloween. we got you, fam. Agent: cheers fam
Customer: terrible service today. And awful cancellation policy on domestic flights 2 months away just tax back. Customer lost. Agent: Hi Gellan, the cancellation policy is determined by the fare rules on the ticket that you purchase. we are sorry for any disappointment.
Customer: 13.5 hour flight amp this is all I was given for vegan First Class breakfast. No soymilk for tea or hot meal. Disgraceful. Agent: we are sorry you are unhappy with the catering service on board your flight, Sierra. Can you let us know your flight number? DaniH
Customer: stay sleep. We’ll be glad to give our hard earned money to s company who cares like . Agent: we would love to have you with Fios. Check our availability in your area at
Customer: I have been doing that for the last 50mins no reply Agent: Here to assist! Please send us a message of the email address connected to your account and more details so we can take a closer look.
Customer: Okay Wells Fargo where is my check Laughing Out Loud Agent: Hello there, I saw your tweet. Do you need help with something specific? Pls let me know no account number.
Customer: Also when will Amazon prime music be available for Indian users of Alexa? Agent: In order to stream music from Amazon Prime Music on the echo devices, the customer has to be an Amazon Prime member. 2/2AR
Customer: Thanks, thing is I still have like 81 cents in credit and will not let me do that until I have zero credit Agent: Try contacting our iTunes Store team here for more help
Customer: is it still 3 if I add queso and guac to the boo rito Agent: Sure is! Becky
Customer: hi. Any news why DL1262 diverted to AUS and DL1738 to SMF? Thanks Agent: Oh ok. Thanks for checking with us and we are here for you.
Customer: Q Is an car decal needed to start delivering / earning? Agent: Here to help. Send us a note at so our team can connect.
Customer: why is this happening to me and only me? Agent: Hello there. We are unable to see the file you sent us, please provide us more details
Customer: As a user but not owner on a business account, the process of ordering a new phone has been extremely frustrating. Agent: Hello Harry, Are you referencing a wireless or landline?
Customer: is PSN down? can’t log into my account Agent: PSN is Online. Please let us know the error code or message you receive when you try to sign in to the .
Customer: With the continual short forming of commuter time trains and cancellations it really is an adventure with you lot. Agent: Apologies for the problems of late. Lots of work is being done to address these issues. It should improve soon. Lewis
Customer: Barbacoa w da guac Agent: Mmmmm – nicely done. Becky
Customer: Hey your sandwiches cost way to much to not put em in the bag. Would of been nice to get a coupon or something for needing to go back Agent: We apologize, John. Please email us more details about your visit to email amp we will make it right.
Customer: This lyft driver either drunk or just the worst driver Agent: Please report this to our Critical Response Line by tapping the Call Me button at
Customer: Thinking about it. That’s just 1 way right? Agent: Correct. It will be a total of 130,000 for the round trip, if it becomes available.
Customer: How can I contact you by email? You sent us a replacement box and it is filled with dust a fire hazard. We cannot use it. Agent: Our apologies, allow us to assist you from here. Is the box sent a Set top box for TV services?
Customer: Thank you for your response. Put in a request and am waiting for reply! Agent: we are here to help! Send us a message with your email address so we can follow up.
Customer: why is it that the program freezes constantly but the commercials don’t? Don’t have this problem with . Agent: Oh no! Do any errors pop up? What device do you use? let us start by working through the steps here
Customer: This is how You torture drivers w this carrot on a stick this is for deliveries Only!u have to turn off rides t accomplish this Agent: Here to help! Please send us a note at and we will be happy to look into this for you.
Customer: Posting from phone on 4G, even though I am home amp have cable/internet...for like the 8th time this month. One guess why. Frustrated Agent: Sorry about the service issues. Please send us a message with your account info so I can help.
Customer: I did that they closed my case have I lost £120 pounds now because of eBay theft and eBay does not care Agent: Well I would be more than happy to take a look at that claim for you. Could you message us with more details please?
Customer: Missing my entire Halloween with kids because cannot find a flight attendant for my flight home. bestlaidplans anotherdisappointment Agent: Hi, Eric. I understand amp my apologies for the delayed flight. Our teams are working to get you safely on your way asap.
Customer: Kindly share my contact number <number> to ur team to contact me Agent: Also, please do not provide your contact details as its personal info. Our Twitter page is visible to public.
Customer: Idk what puts in their salad dressing but holy fack it is delicious drinkitpouritgottahaveit Agent: I am right there with you. Heres the full ingredient statement Becky
Customer: Hi , I’ve purchased something via your app and it’s broken! How can I get it replaced? Agent: Hi, Reece! I am sorry about the broken item. You can check into options here
Customer: I got my boorito from and I’m so happy Agent: it is the best day of the year. Becky
Customer: When you are tired of getting rude drivers that do not understand where they are going in the city Agent: Hi, Allison. Can you message us so we can help?
Customer: AND NOW, I cannot EVEN REORDER BECAUSE THE RESTAURANT IS CLOSED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! UBER EATS UBER SUCKS. Agent: So sorry to hear this. Please send us a message with your email address so we can help.
Customer: your app and website still don’t work Agent: We have followed up via .
Customer: Wait why did my letter “I️” change into weird characters?!? Agent: we would like to look into this. Does this happen in all apps you use the keyboard with? Which device is this happening on?
Customer: Your support SUCKS!!! Agent: we are sorry to hear this! If you are having any issues, please let us know the details and the device in use. we are here to help.
Customer: Heard about them but I’m like so not tech savvy so I feel like I’d be lost af Laugh My A.. Off Agent: let us check out your options to see if we can lower your bill. Please message your address and phone number to get started.
